To become a Grail Knight - A Warhammer story

Author: verycreativena

*000*2024-08-09 18:24

To become a Grail Knight

Fleur d'Ardois gallops her horse at full speed across the fields and farmlands of fair Bretonnia, attracting the attention of some peasants working the land before she swiftly rode out of their sight. She has been riding since daybreak and haven't stopped since, why should she stop? This has been what she has been waiting for all these years. She pulled the reins signalling to her steed, a stout brown horse caparisoned in checkered green and white colored cloth, the colors of the d'Ardois, to a halt near an abandoned path leading into the dark forest.

"Stay put Jaufre, I shall be back soon." She said as she stow her horse's reins onto some nearby branch.

Jaufre only neighs in response. Fleur took off her greathelm to fill her lungs with fresh air before proceeding further and to calm her nerves. Her brown hair hidden under the mail coif that she wears under her helmet, her freckled, boyish face being all that isn't covered. To many she looks like a young man who hasn't surpassed the age of 20 yet and she exploits her appearance to the fullest during her years as a Knight Errant, due to the fact that they are not allowed to wear helmets. In actuality however she is rapidly approaching the age of 30 and considers herself lucky to have a chance of becoming a Grail Knight before her gets any older.

"You've been waiting for this moment for the last five years, Fleur... relax..." she reassures herself.

Fleur stood there holding her greathelm, staring at the path ahead. Before inspecting her armaments: chainmail hauberk reinforced with some metal plates, green and white surcoat worn on top of hauberk, her shortsword, her longsword and finally her shield bearing the color green and white with a blue dragon in the center

Once everything is accounted for, Fleur puts her greathelm back on, draws her shortsword and her shield and proceed into the woods in front of her.

The woods is mostly protected by the shades casted from the great trees save for a few rays of light that managed to evade the leaves, which gives Fleur a perfect opportunity to reminisce the events leading up to the current moment...

She was born into a newly established family of minor nobles as a middle child, her father is a Knight of the Realm who have fought in an Errantry war and was rewarded with a castle and a village to rule over. Ever since she could understand the tales and deeds of heroic knights her mother always recited to her to sleep, she wished to become one herself. And would take any opportunity to try and prove herself, she often spars with her two brothers and tries to help her father in anyway in the matters of warfare. They entertained her fantasy for a while until she grew into a blossoming young woman, only then she would learn that women aren't allowed to be knights. That didn't stop her however, so one fateful night after her commission for her arms and armor by a local smith is complete, she stole Jaufre from the stables and rode off into the night to begin her new life as a Knight Errant. 

She would later find service under the newly crowned King Louen Leoncoeur after having caught his eyes with her martial prowess while competing in a tournament. She served the Royarch for a few years under the guise of a man, during this time she have slain countless greenskins, undeads and even a dragon on one occasion, but it wasn't until the King had sent her on an errand, a proof of his confidence in her abilities and the final tests of Knight Errants looking for a promotion to Knights of the Realm, which drags her all the way to Sylvania and took a year and a half to complete. 

She remembered that errand fondly, what started off as a simple vampire hunt roped her into stopping a Chaos plot alongside her companions, a Lorenite Wood Elf, an Imperial Dwarf, a Halfling and an Imperial adventurer. Upon her return however, she would be seized and confronted about her true nature by the King. She was lucky that he pardoned her and allowed her to continue serving him however, since women cannot own properties, she cannot be granted a fief and become a Knight of the Realm. Which left her with only one option to continue her career: taking up questing vow in hopes of succeeding and joining the ranks of the Grail Knights.

"I set down my lance, symbol of the duty... I spurn those whom I love, I relinquish all, and take up the tools of my quest... No obstacle shall stand before me... No plea for help shall find me wanting... No moon will look upon me twice lest I be judged idle... I will give my body, heart and soul to the Lady whom I seek." These are the words Fleur have sworn to live by four years ago, she still remembers every detail of it like it was yesterday.

The life of a Questing Knight is not an easy one, she must rely on her sword and her steed, she may not sleep two nights in the same place, she must live strictly under the Codes of Chivalry and she no longer has a family. Even all that may not guarantee her success in this quest for only a few have succeeded in having supped from the Holy Grail, many fell in battle and many more went their whole lives without having seen the trace of one, there are even rumors that some knights even died after sipping from the grail, having been deemed "unworthy". But last night, the long wait is over as Fleur have dreamt of a sacred glade where the Lady of the Lake awaits her. After she woke up today she wasted no time and hit the road to find the said glade, it leads her back to the lands belonging to her father but she is here for the grail and nothing else, she didn't have time to eat anything and only drank from her waterskin to stave off thirst-

As Fleur continues deeper into the woods, the sound of running water starts to overpower the chirping of birds and the rustling of leaves, reminding her of a tingling sensation that she failed to notice for almost 12 hours now... and it is in her bladder. Regardless, Fleur knows better than to defile the lady's sacred sanctuary with her urine combined with the fact that she is so close to the lady makes her suck it up and continue onwards using the sound of running water to guide herself forward...

To be continued...

Hi, I'm a long time lurker trying my hands at omo writing and this is also one of my first attempt at writing a story if yo have any advice, please let me know. Furthermore at the time of writing this I am about to go on a three days camping trip and wanted to finish this asap so I'll leave this on a cliffhanger for now, also English is not my mother tongue feel free to point out any mistakes. That's all for now, hopefully I will get this story done soon. Thank you for understanding!


