The Pool Trip

Author: Vena Sera

*000*2019-06-02 02:06

Summers are rough. Extremely hot and humid, it was no wonder both my younger sister and I had managed to shotgun another jug of iced barley tea. To make things worse, the AC broke, leaving us defenseless against the elements. We agreed that normal clothes were too much for the relentless heat, and so we lazed around in our swimsuits for the entire day. I lazily lifted my head from the table and stared at my sister, who lay dead on the sofa. An oversized t-shirt draped itself over her slender and short frame, drooping past her hips. Its collar, way too large, was falling down one shoulder, allowing the strap of the purple-coloured one-piece swimsuit that she wore underneath to peek out. It was brand-new, ones that my mother had bought for us at the start of the blistering season.

Speaking of "us", the one I wore was also fresh out of the box. Mom disapproved of bikinis, so she got me a one-piece as well; competition-style, no less. It was dyed a vibrant firetruck red, its hue so bright and loud you could almost hear it. Upon wearing it on, I was surprised at how skintight the swimsuit felt against my torso. It was supposedly the right size - and an adult size, even! - but despite that, and the fact that puberty had been pretty bad to me, it somehow still managed to feel skintight. As body-hugging as it was, it surprisingly wasn't uncomfortable; in fact, it was quite the opposite - I spent the entire day having it wrap around my body without feeling the slightest bit itchy or cramped. I also noticed that its tight fit helped tuck what little bits of fat I had into place, granting myself a bit of a figure (yay).

She suddenly shot up, declared that it was way too hot to continue staying indoors, and that it was time to head for the pool. She hopped off from the sofa, calling at me to get up and get ready. I initially refused to go, unwilling to move in this dense heat. All of a sudden, however, I found myself almost literally being dragged back into my room, and the next thing I knew, I was already out the door, a t-shirt and skirt hastily draped over my frame and carrying a tote bag holding our belongings, goggles and swim cap on my shoulder. I guess we weren't staying indoors.

My sister happily trotted along in front me. She hadn't changed from her getup at all, wearing the exact same clothes she had on before. She wasn't wearing any pants, though it wasn't as if she needed to; unlike mine, which lacked any leg coverage whatsoever, hers was a 'legsuit', which meant that the suit extended down to her knees, similar to those worn by Olympic swimmers, and were effectively shorts. She was as active as always, though I noticed that she was a little fidgety more than usual.

The sky was becoming overcast, but it didn't cool down the extremely hot and humid atmosphere. Soon, both my sister and I were sweating buckets, and people passing by would probably think we were heading back. Having already committed, all I wanted now was to reach the train station, drop by the convenience store, and have something refreshing. Eventually we did, and we left the store with a large bottle of cold water in both our hands. I only managed to down a quarter of my drink, but my sister promptly finished hers, and I offered to throw it away for her.

A discarded mirror was positioned next to the bin, resting against a wall. Walking in front of it, I noticed that my shirt was drenched in sweat, causing it to adhere to my skin and underwear. A bright red colour seeped through the thin, white fabric, revealing the swimsuit underneath my clothes for the whole station to see. Speaking of clothes, it then occurred to me that I forgot another set to change into. Ah, whatever. We went up to the tracks, and hopped onto a train heading for the pool.

Thankfully, the train wasn't busy, allowing the two of us to sit beside each other, my sister resting her head on my shoulder. She was fidgeting for a while, but her movements soon slowed, and eventually stopped as she fell asleep. With nothing much else to do, I decided to turn to my phone for entertainment. Whilst idly browsing, however, a slight feeling of pressure from below caught my attention. Subconsciously, I dropped a free hand down to my crotch in reaction, and then the realisation that I needed to pee caught on, accompanied by a familiar excitement.

Here is where I should probably admit something. Some summers ago, elementary-schooler me had an unfortunate trip to the pool, which ended up with me standing over a puddle of my own making, trembling hands unsuccessfully trying to hide a conspicuous wet patch at the crotch of my swimsuit. Despite being thoroughly embarrassed and upset by that ordeal, a certain sense of excitement had sparked from within, and I soon found that I seemed to have developed a strange sort of arousal towards this very situation.

Soon afterward, puberty struck (or made an attempt to strike), and every subsequent trip to the pool was with a deliberately full bladder, and sometimes even led to a wet crotch. And although I didn't plan this particular trip, the rushed trip out of the house caused me to forgo using the toilets at home, resulting in my current situation, and that familiar sense of energy and excitement igniting from within. I was in public, however, and couldn't attend to it now, and so I decided to focus on my phone instead.

As the train pulled over at our station, I nudged my sister awake, and led her down the 10-minute walk from the station to the pool. As we walked, I felt a tug down my skirt. Turning around, I noticed that my sister was walking funny - her thighs were squeezed together, and she was hobbling behind me. It occurred to me that she might need to pee as well. As if on cue, she began complaining about how she really could use a toilet right about now, instantly confirming my suspicions. For some reason, however, the sight of my sister desperate caused my excitement to skyrocket, and instead of detouring back to the toilets at the station, I found myself encouraging her to hold it until we could reach the pool.

Her pace grew increasingly inconsistent as we walked, notifying me of her exponentially-growing need to urinate. She would dash past me, abruptly stop in her tracks and shove her hands in-between her crotch, causing her to lag behind, before dashing past me again. She kept repeating this cycle, extending the usual 10-minute walk in the process. I probably overestimated her bladder's capacity to hold it, as compared to me, she appeared to be faring much worse. Given the amount of liquids she drank earlier today, though, she had it coming.

At this point I had largely forgotten about my own bladder as my urge was mild at best, and was focused entirely on my sister. She proceeded to run past me, before abruptly stopping once again. This time, I noticed that she had her head tilted downward, as if peering at her crotch. She spent a couple of seconds frozen in position, during which I noticed a couple of droplets staining the concrete between her feet. She then continued walking, seemingly as if nothing of note had happened. I looked up at the sky; it had gotten darker and was now threatening rain, but the only liquids that were falling came from my sister. To my (pleasant) surprise, she was beginning to lose control.

The pool soon came into sight, and in desperation, my sister yanked her shirt off, and immediately broke into a sprint, dashing toward the pool entrance, I followed suit, catching her shirt and closely trailing her as we approached the registration counter. We presented our cards and some money to the friendly old lady working the registration counter, notifying her of the two new visitors to the pool for that day, and paying for our patronage. Whilst the old lady was processing something, I decided to spend time gazing at the pool we were about to enter.

As is the case every summer, it was filled to the brim with people, and was perhaps even busier given how hot this particular summer had been. Children were playing, adults swimming, lifeguards falling asleep; nothing particularly out of the ordinary. My attention then shifted to investigating how my sister was holding up. The answer, not very well; she was doing circles behind me with her hands stuffed into the crotch of her swimsuit, mouthing out that she badly needed to pee.

I noticed an extremely dark purple, almost black patch had developed from beneath her butt, contrasting against the original lavender hue. The dark patch gradually conquered more area as the lady processed our passes, slowly spreading out from her butt and even travelling down the insides and back of her thighs. Despite her best efforts, it was clear that she had begun wetting herself, and was unable to hold on for much longer, the wetness and darkness around her crotch growing and becoming more and more apparent with each twirl.

We finally got our passes, and were granted entry into the pool, and my sister immediately broke into a sprint. I followed suit, and to my surprise, she was headed not to the toilets, but towards and into a small, dark corridor. This isn't our first outing here; she knows where the toilets are, and that the particular corridor she went into was away from the toilets. Curious as to what she planned to do, I continued my pursuit. This part of the facility was completely foreign to me, and without a freshly laid trail of droplets on the concrete floor, I wouldn't have known where we were. Blindly following the path that trail led to, I passed by various admin offices and empty rooms, before finally reaching a dead end, which my sister standing in front of. There was nothing else left around, save for a lone LED tube and a window by the ceiling illuminating the area.

There my sister stood, surrounded on three corners. Leaning her back against a corner, her knees were bent and thighs tightly pressed together, as if assuming an invisible chair position. Her hands were against the walls, supporting her frame. as she crouched forward, peering down at her crotch. Without her hands in the way, I also had a full view of the crotch of her swimsuit, which she was still wearing. Her swimsuit was still largely purple, save for the large circular black patch on her crotch and between her legs from her earlier leaks. She gingerly bit her lip, as if enduring pain, and I began to witness her bladder giving in. It didn't take long for the dark area to grow, and for a pattering sound of liquid crashing down onto the floor to become audible.

Instantly, urine began soaking through the legsuit, and streams of pee forced itself out of her crotch, cascading onto the concrete beneath her legs. The spandex material failed to quell the stream, instead allowing most of the liquid to filter right through, spraying colourless pee onto the ground below. Whatever couldn't permeate the spandex fabric then flowed down the insides of her legs and into her flip-flops, darkening the swimsuit in its wake, before contributing to the pool of liquid on the ground. She tilted her gaze upward, holding an expression of shameful relief. Her gaze then met mine as she noticed my presence, and immediately darted away in embarrassment, her cheeks reddening at the realisation that someone was witnessing her helplessly wet herself.

We stood in silence, with only the sound of relentless peeing filling our ears (and her swimsuit). I fought back an urge to send a finger down my skirt. Gradually, the stream weakened and finally began to dissipate, and my sister soon finished relieving herself. Her swimsuit was soaked from the crotch and butt down, the aforementioned dark area having increased in size exponentially, conquering everywhere save the fabric covering her outer front thighs, indicative of just how much she had needed to pee. Her swimsuit wasn't the only object that was darkened, as her pee hydrated the concrete beneath her legs. She then stared straight at me, and upon reading her face, seemed to be asking me to lead the way from here.

We began the long walk back out of this corridor, with only the sounds of her wet slippers squishing against concrete and an occasional distant thunder filling the air. This was soon accompanied by the lighting warning siren, and then the incessant wails of the lifeguards' whistles. We reached the poolside, where said guards were busy diverting people out of the pool, away from the falling raindrops and underneath shelter, us included. We were ushered up into a sheltered grandstand next to the Olympic pool, and we found ourselves seated in the middle of a large crowd.

I directed my attention towards my sister, who was unusually meek and quiet, trying her best to attract as little attention as possible. Large, dark stains remained on her crotch, butt and thighs, the lifeguards ushering us up into the stands so fast that she had no opportunity to do anything to make it less conspicuous. In a valiant effort to hide it as much as possible, her thighs were clamped shut, and she was hunched over, sheepishly scrolling through her phone, though the accident was still visible at certain angles. I found myself gazing at her for a while, and realised that while she seemed relieved, slightly troubled and a little embarrassed, interestingly enough, she didn't appear the least bit upset.

The rain began to intensify, and more and more people have begun calling it a day, streaming into the toilets and showers, which were now jam-packed with people. She wouldn't be able to wash herself off or fully hide her accident in any way. My heart began racing as I fixated on her swimsuit and the stains that riddled it, thoughts that shall not be written down racing through my mind. A gust of chilly wind blew by, causing me to shiver uncontrollably. A pressure had been steadily building up from the start then made itself known, accompanied closely with a feeling of fullness. My thighs moved closer to each other under my tote bag, and my feet were crossed. A bead of cold sweat trickled down my face as feelings of unease, anxiety and excitement began building up. Nothing else was distracting me now, and all attention was to my water balloon, ready to burst.

It was my turn to be in trouble.

###

Thank you for taking your time to read this!

It has been a while since I last tried to write, so I apologise in advance if there are some mistakes/discrepancies that I may have missed.

As always, please give me your feedback on my stories, I'd like to know your thoughts on how I did or what I should/shouldn't have done.

*006*2019-06-04 15:14

Thank you all for reading and enjoying my story!

{{On 6/3/2019 at 3:32 PM, AD51 said:

Nice story! Looking forward to the next part. Also how old are the characters supposed to be here?

}}

I had originally intended them to be around the mid-teens (i.e. 14-17), though I probably didn't portray their ages very well in hindsight...

*007*2020-08-13 10:46

The monsoon rain relentlessly pelted down from above, drenching everything in its path and causing the temperature to fall and turning the hot draft into a cool, almost chilly breeze. Rainwater began leaking into the grandstand, creating small streams that had to remind me of my own need to urinate.

The immense pressure of a firm and full bladder was not comfortable, to say the least. It felt unusually heavy, as if more urine had accumulated in my bladder than what I was predicting. A strange sharp sensation struck my bladder, and though it wasn't painful, it emphasized my need to pee. A mix of horror and concern ran down my spine at that thought, realising that I might just have overestimated my bladder's strength and capacity. There was no point in me going down right there and then, however, as the queue had barely dissipated, and holding it standing up was a far worse challenge.

I shifted my gaze back to my sister, trying not to worry too much about my situation. A puddle of liquid had pooled beneath her thighs and the soaked swimsuit she wore, though given how there was a large enough gap that cleared our seats and the rain-soaked concrete, I could tell that the stream was sister-made. Obviously, she had wet herself once again, though let's be honest - she really had nothing to lose. I was slightly envious of her though, but decided against doing it.

I dug through my bag again, hoping that I brought at least a set of underwear. A backup plan, in case I do end up wetting myself. My palm then bumped into something that surprised me, the familiar feeling of cloth. I fished it out of the bag, though I was disappointed to find out that it was just a pair of shorts I had forgotten to remove from the bag. I heaved a sigh, and prepared to walk to the toilet. I slid my phone into my skirt's pocket, but immediately noticed a terrible sight - the long, unmoving queue to the changing rooms. The particular public pool that we went to had the toilets situated behind the shower cubicles and lockers in the changing rooms. However, they had closed the pools for the day, so pretty much everyone was there, changing and washing up, preparing to leave the area.

I observed the speed of the queue's progress; there was no progress I decided to continue waiting - after all, patience is a virtue, right? Though almost as if in response to that, I felt a bit of urine dribble out. I placed my bag over my lap, undid my skirt's waistband, and secretly placed my left hand over my crotch. Immediately, I felt a small wet spot on my swimsuit. I pressed the hand harder onto my crotch, hoping that it would create a second line of support over the crumbling, bursting dam that my bladder was quickly becoming.

Fifteen minutes have passed since then, and three things have changed. One, a grand total of five people in the long queue have entered the changing room. Two, the small wet spot had turned into a large wet patch that surrounded my pee hole from the accumulated amounts of pee that had dribbled into the swimsuit. And three - I was beginning to succumb to the fetishistic idea of letting it go right then and there. As the time passed, I began to realise that there was no way I was going to be able to endure the wait. Impulsively (and to my heart's desires), I decided - I was going to pee right here. Making sure nobody was facing my direction, I gingerly lifted the back of my skirt up, mashing it between myself and the seat rest so that it won't get wet. Then, I squeezed my thighs together and leaned forward a little, and released.

First, the shameful warmth that instantaneously spread all around my crotch (and my hand), as warm pee flowed freely into the swimsuit. Then, the shameful wetness along my butt and thighs, as urine soaked through more of the already saturated material, it began pooling in the shallow seat which couldn't hold much until it, too, overflowed. I witnessed the escaped liquids streaming out onto the seat and pattering silently on the floor, thanks to the thundering crash of rain onto sheet metal roofing. Relief and euphoria gradually took over as my bladder could finally relax, and I heaved a content sigh. I watched the stream of urine spill over the seat and trickle onto the concrete beneath, joining the rainwater and be washed away.

The stream began to fade, though I sat still, too afraid to move. I only dared to look around, in case anyone was watching, and I hoped nobody was watching. Then my eyes locked with another pair, seated next to me. My sister. Staring at me, then down at the (still) growing puddle beneath my seat, then back at me. A cold shudder ran through my body as it conveniently shook the last drops out.

She was watching.

###

I had planned to continue this story but slowly forgot to finish writing it until I came across it doing some housekeeping with my files. So here's part 2, I guess?

A little bit short but have no idea how I should go about continuing the story, sorry about that!

Feel free to tell me what you think!

*010*2020-08-14 09:17

{{14 hours ago, Keita123 said:

That was lovely! A shame you're not going to continue it!

}}

I probably will, just haven't got ideas on how to though

*013*2020-10-16 07:17

The next few moments were some of the most awkward and embarrassing minutes that I had to live through in my life so far. Wetting yourself in front of someone is one thing, but your sister? And the younger one at that?

My face flushed and heated up, and I froze in my seat, whilst still letting the remaining pee flow out of me. I dared not look back at my sister, though I could feel her shocked and curious gaze weigh on me the entire time. This continued on for what was most likely 5 real-world minutes, though it definitely felt much longer than that.

"Can I ask you something?" She began, her voice barely audible over the sound of rain pattering down on sheet metal.

"What did you say?" Wrong response. She shifted over even closer now, and repeated herself into my ear.

"What is it?" I replied, still not willing to face her.

"Do you like..." She trailed off, suddenly unable to finish her sentence. "Actually, will you hate me if I say this?"

I heard a sob, and instinctively turned around. She had her hands over her face, but before I could reach out to her, she blurted everything out.

"I like pee. Do you like it?" I froze in shock, not knowing how to reply, and her hands gripped her face even harder, as she yelled and cringed at what she just blurted out. As I tried to find words to say, I suddenly heard more sobbing, and immediately without a second thought, I confessed.

"Yes." She jolted at me almost in shock, and lowered her hands to reveal to me tear-filled eyes, and a face about as red as mine about 10 minutes ago. "I really do, honest."

I spilt everything out to her - how I first wet myself at this very pool all those years back, how I felt about wetting and watching her wet herself, and even how I encouraged her to make it to the pool despite there being vacant, usable toilets at the train station. I watched her process everything I said, and I could tell that a conflict of emotions were brewing beneath her tear-stricken face. Whatever it was, it proved overwhelming, for the next thing I knew, she leaned onto me, and silently cried into my arm. In between sobs, she confessed that she had been feeling this way about pee for a while now, beginning with her ballet classes that she took since elementary school.

As she alternated between crying and talking, I gently rubbed and patted her head, all the while mustering enough mental strength to not cry, though a few drops of tears did escape my eyelids. As she talked about her ballet pee story, I also began to recall a day years ago when I arrived home late from school, and found my sister standing around the front porch, with a large wet patch on the crotch of her ballet leotard and down her white tights. I didn't really assume anything about it back then, though now that scene would not stop replaying in my head.

Eventually, she calmed down, and got off me, allowing me to get off the pool of pee between me and my seat. I stood up, took my skirt off, handed it to my sister, pulling the pair of denim shorts out of my bag as well, and began assessing the damage. Luckily, I bunched my skirt up enough that it avoided taking any. My swimsuit, on the other hand, was fully soaked at the crotch, a large patch at the front of my crotch up until the gusset was discoloured and darkened into a deep, dark red, its blackish hue similar to wine and contrasting against the rest of my bright red suit. I stuck a hand behind my butt and felt around; a sizeable area felt wet and warm, meaning that a similarly large dark patch existed on my butt, confirming that my crotch was thoroughly wet front to back.

My sister put the skirt over her legsuit, and thankfully, it was long enough to conceal the bottom half of the swimsuit, hiding her soaked crotch and thighs, and dark enough that any wet patches from the skirt coming into contact with her pee-soaked swimsuit were not particularly visible. I put the pair of denim shorts on, realising that it was a little bit tight as I brought it up to my waist. Unfortunately, that meant that the crotch of my shorts immediately darkened around the crotch upon coming into contact with the pee-soaked swimsuit, and not long after putting it on, a dark, damp patch covered my crotch and butt, and it now looked as if I had wet myself through my shorts.

"Is that okay?" She asked, concerned, though I only smiled back in response. It was fine, as long as I could make her feel comfortable.

The rain had subsided a little bit by this point, though an announcement then rang out, informing everyone in the premise that due to the high chances of lightning continuing to strike the area for the next few hours, that the pool would be closed for the day. Visitors were advised to leave and head home as a result. We packed up as well, though there was nothing much for us to pack up, since we didn't bring extra clothes anyway. We exited the pool's premises as is - a white t-shirt and denim shorts soaked at the crotch by the swimsuit worn underneath for me, and a simple skirt over a swimsuit for her. A notification rang out on our phones just as we passed the gate, and both of us took a look - it was Dad messaging the family chat:

"Once again, your mother wants to go to the departmental store in town." The message read. "She says she has a couple of coupons to spend, which means we will be here till late, so you kids settle your own dinner, okay?"

Both of us saw the message, and immediately locked eyes with each other. Our mouths opened, but the words didn't come out. I hesitated, wondering if I should spill out the suggestion that I had in my mind. One that would either evolve or destroy our relationship.

###

The continuation of the story is thanks to the idea by cjm3rcl1n3. However, I have no experience with such a thing, so I don't really know how you guys will like this short chapter. That said, do let me know what you think about it!

