Manon and the Magic Whistle

Author: vikka

*000*2014-08-19 00:10

The story, that I'm now going to tell you, is based on a fantasy, that I've had since I was about thirteen years old. It's no doubt inspired by the many stories my great-grandfather, Papa Pierre, told me, when I was a child. Papa Pierre was a Professeur of Anthropology and Ethnography at Université de Paris (Sorbonne), and he had been travelling all over the world. Most of all I loved, when he told about his expeditions in South America, especially the Andes and the Amazonas. Sometimes he showed me strange and fantasy stimulating objects, which he'd found on his travels.

Those objects combined with Papa Pierre's stories about supernatural phenomena, told him by curanderos, ayahuasqueros, the Yatiri (different kinds of shamanship) really fascinated me. I indulged in fancies about magic power of those objects and the witchcraft I would perform with them. At about the age of thirteen I began to develop one fantasy in particular. The Magic Whistle. And given this back-ground I'm ready to tell the story (maybe stories...) about

MANON AND THE MAGIC WHISTLE.

I am now going to tell you a story, in which a girl, who answered to the mame of Manon, is the heroine. One meaning of her name is "little rebel", and believe me, she was just that! She was small, just barely taller than one and a half metre, and very cute. She wore her dark-brown hair rather short. One reason for that was, that she liked to sometimes dress and act as a boy. Although she actually was fifteen years old; when she dressed herself as a boy, she looked no older than twelve. And, as her breasts were rather small, there was no risk of them giving her away as long, as they were properly covered by a shirt.

Manon was born in France and lived there for her first thirteen years. Her parents were very broad-minded, and she was allowed to do almost everything she liked to do. Sometimes she was very girlish, and played with her dolls and her girl friends. Other times she liked to play with boys. Especially she loved to play football (soccer). As there were no girls' teams, where she lived, she played with the boys. She was good enough to qualify for a boys' team.

When she was thirteen, her parents died in a car accident. It was decided, that she would move to her mother's ten years younger sister, Anouk, who lived in Stockholm, Sweden. Anouk's much older husband was a professor of Archaeology at the University of Uppsala. Now they were divorced, and Manon's aunt had moved to Stockholm, where she lived alone and worked as a secretary at the French Embassy. The embassy had provided her with a rather large flat, and she had plenty room for Manon. Manon had visited her together with her parents many times and was very fond of her aunt, who was only twelve years older than she was. Manon began in a school for the children of the embassy staff. Anouk had also arranged for her to learn Swedish by a private teacher.

When the story begins, Manon is fifteen years old. After two years in Sweden, Manon spoke Swedish fluently, but with a distinct French accent, which most people found very cute. And as soon as her Swedish had been good enough, she'd moved to a Swedish school.She was a lively and outgoing girl, and very soon she got many friends, some of them very close. She still played football, now in a girls' team.

But even if she normally was very free-spoken, she had two secrets. The first one was, that she the last year had been aware of, that she was homosexual. She hadn't yet been with a girl. Neither had she been with a boy. Once a boy had tried to kiss her, but she'd kicked his shin very hard, and that was the end of that.

The other secret was, that she liked to wet herself. It started, when she'd moved to Sweden. At first she felt very lonely. She used to go for long walks alone in the big park Djurgården. One day she felt a need to pee. It was a rather urgent need, but she was confident, that she would make it to home. And her need really got more diffuse, as she walked on. And so she thought no more of it. Until suddenly she began to pee. She didn't feel any sign at all of what was coming. She just began to wet her panties while she was walking.

She halted and tried to stop the pee stream, but she didn't manage to do it. Instead the stream got much stronger and gushed down between her legs and splashed on the ground. She lifted her skirt so it wouldn't get wet. She looked down. She was so embarrassed. She raised her skirt a bit more and saw how her pee was flowing through her pink cotton panties. Suddenly she got aware of a strange but not unpleasant feeling down there. Her pee was so hot and it spread around her mimsy before it forced its way through her panties. Little Manon began to pant. She moaned a little.

She heard a rustle from the footpath. She looked up. Only a couple of metres from her there was a woman standing. She stared at Manon, but when she saw, that Manon looked at her, she turned around and went away. Manon, still peeing, looked after the woman, who had seen her wetting herself like a baby girl. She was so embarrassed! She was thirteen years old and was peeing in her panties! But at the same time, she was getting even more aroused. She looked around. She didn't see anyone, only the back of the woman, who had caught her. Slowly she parted her legs and put one hand on her wet panties. It felt so thrilling! The last drops trickled between her fingers.

She moved her hand and felt a stiff knob quivering against her soaked panties. It was her clit! She looked down and removed her hand. Her clit was shown as a bump on her panties! She pinched it with two fingers. She winced! It was such a strong feeling! She rubbed it gently. Her knees got weak. She took a couple of steps and sat down on the grass. With her legs widely spread, she pressed her panties in to her pussy with one finger. She moved the finger. With her other hand she was still caressing her clit. She groaned loudly! She'd masturbated many times before, but never had she felt anything so wonderful!

And never had she experienced such an earthbraking orgasm before! Luckily no one was near her, because now she was moaning loudly!

Afterwards the little, skinny girl was lying on her back, still panting, and looking at the clouds. Until she realized, that she was lying on the grass with her legs spread out, showing her wet panties in a public park! Quickly she stood up and smoothed out her skirt, and then examined it. Luckily there were only a few wet spots, but they were barely visible. She began to walk home. She felt hilarious, but at the same time still very embarrassed. Not in a bad way though. Her embarrassment kind of aroused her... Several times on her way home she couldn't resist to put her hand under her skirt to feel her wet panties.

At home she went to the bathroom and undressed. She put her clothes on a bench except for her panties, which she threw in the handbasin, thinking she would rinse them before she put them in to the washing mashine. After the shower she brought her clothes with her and went to her room.

An hour later Anouk knocked on her door and went in.

"I found your panties in the handbasin. I'm going to wash some clothes now, do you want me to throw them in too?"

Manon startled! No, no, no! She'd forgotten her panties! And Anouk had found them... Anouk knew, that she'd wetted herself. It was so humiliating! She began to cry.

"Don't cry, Manon! You've wetted yourself, so what? Sometimes it happens even to grown-ups."

She sat down on the bed beside Manon, and put her arm around the little, crying girl. She kissed her on her forehead and left the room. She didn't tell Manon, that she'd noticed more than one kind of fluid inside her panties. A more sticky kind...

The days that followed Manon was thinking a lot about her wetting accident. As a matter of fact it totally absorbed her mind. It had been embarrassing, yes, but she more and more realized, that it also had been a very pleasant experience. It had made her so very aroused! She came to know, that she had to do it again. This time on purpose. The thought thrilled her so much, that she the whole days was in a state of sexual arousal. Sometimes so overwhelming, that she during the school day had to visit the toilet between the lessons. She sat there and stroke herself over her panties until she got off.

One day she wasn't able to stop herself. She was walking through a park on her way from school, when she felt, that she needed to pee. She thought: Now or never! She wanted so much to wet herself. The feeling made her tremble. She looked around, there was nobody in sight. She was wearing a short, pleated, blue skirt and underneath it light-blue cotton panties. To be more sure, that it wouldn't splash pee on it, she rolled up the waist of her skirt a couple of turns. She went behind some bushes, parted her legs and waited.

Nothing! Nothing happened. She tried to push out the pee. But with no success. And yet she was by now desperate to pee. She tried and tried. Eventually she gave up. Maybe she would manage to do it, if she waited a little. She began to walk around in the park, feeling more and more desperate to pee. But when she tried again to stop behind a bush to pee, she failed. She began to walk again.

And suddenly, while walking slowly on the park way, she began to wet herself! She stopped and parted her legs quickly. A strong stream forced through her panties and splashed on the ground between her feet. Oh, what a bliss! She hoped, that nobody would come and see her, because she felt, that it wouldn't be possible to stop her pee cascade. It went on for ever and ever! Her knees got weak, she could hardly stand straight up, and her head got empty and felt hollow.

When she'd emptied the last drops from her bladder, she stumbled aside from the parkway and sat down on the lawn. Her legs wasn't able to carry her anymore. She panted heavily, feeling very aroused, almost to the limit of unconsciousness. She heard a voice:

"How are you? Are you ill?"

Manon looked up. Leaning over her stood a young woman. Manon was still panting. She wasn't quite sure, why that woman was standing there and asking her questions. She wanted to be alone. She felt so good. But Manon was a well-mannered girl and thought she should give a polite answer.

"I'm very well, thankyou very much! And I'm not at all ill. I feel terrific!"

"But, dear, you've peed yourself, there's a big puddle on the parkway, and your panties are soaked! You can't sit here, where anyone could see you!"

Her words suddenly got Manon aware of her situation. Her face turned red. She was sitting on the lawn, her skirt around her waist, her legs spread out, and she was showing her pee-wet panties. She began to cry.

"So, so... It's not the end of the world!" The woman spoke softly. "An accident could happen to anyone."

She opened her handbag and took out a package of paper tissues. She bent down and handed Manon some tissues.

"Please, stand up and let's see, if your skirt has gotten wet anywhere. And use these to wipe your legs! By the way, my name is Ann!"

"Manon", Manon whispered. She stood up, and Ann examined her skirt.

"That was lucky, there's only a tiny little spot on the back of your skirt. No one will notice it and anyway it'll soon dry. Now, wipe you legs." She held out the package of tissues. "Take as many you need! And don't forget to wipe between your legs too... I'll turn my back until you're finished!"

When Manon was finished, Ann turned to her and gave her a friendly smile.

"Cheer up now, no one but the two of us would never know about your little accident! Hurry up home, it's not healthy to wear those wet panties for too long!"

With her cheeks blushing hot red Manon ran away. After a couple of hundred meters she slowed down. The meeting with Ann had made her very embarrassed, although she was very grateful to her, having been so kind and helpful. But now she began to feel the arousement from her wetting. Thinking of what had happened, also the embarrassment of being caught, made her pussy start twitching again! It was such a nice feeling, that she began to giggle! She left the parkway and sneaked in behind a shrubbery. She looked very carefully around. Not a single soul in sight!

She hitched up her skirt and looked down at her panties. Oh, holy shit! They were so soaked! She bent down and sniffed. There was a strong, but not unpleasant smell of her pee! She pulled down her panties and stepped out of them. Then she brought them to her nose and sniffed and sniffed! It was almost intoxicating! I wonder, how it tastes, she whispered to herself and laughed; she felt so naughty! She hesitated for a couple of seconds, but then she opened her mouth and put the pee wet panty crotch into it. Giggling, she began to suck. Oh, it tasted absolutely as wonderful as it smelled! A little like salty pea nuts, only so much better!

Sucking on her panties, she put a finger into her mimsy. Gosh, it was so wet, a mix of pee and her pussy juices! Sucking and fingering she very quickly reached such an overwhelming orgasm, that she fell flat on her bottom! Sitting on the lawn she rubbed her swollen mimsy furiously! She didn't stop before her fourth earthbreaking orgasm had ebbed out. Panting and with hazy eyes she had a big, contented grin on her red and sweaty face.

###

In the next instalment Manon finds the Magic Whistle, and begins to learn how to make use of it. I'll tell you, that whistle is for sure pure magic!

*003*2014-08-21 20:34

@ OmoJack and Ashleycub: Thankyou very much for your nice and encouraging words!

@ Ashley: I love to turn you on!!! As much as I love to become turned on by you're stories!!

*007*2014-09-03 09:36

Oh, Gemmy and Ash, you're the nicest <3 <3! I've been hesitating about the continuation, been feeling that the response hasn't been so good, but after your overwhelming comments, I feel more motivated to go on! I've been very busy with training and competing my horse, but hopefully I'll find some time!

