Clarissa's Terrible Day

Author: Vorashi

*000*2021-05-14 15:34

A commissioned work from the user aumonier95 on this website. Thank you for your support and the idea!

It was a hot, humid day in Vancouver. The sun shone down and reflected off the glass and steel of the skyscrapers downtown. Inside one of the office blocks though Clarissa was blissfully cool, at least for the most part.

Some idiot had broken the thermostat and it was just warm enough to be uncomfortable. That meant after she'd foolishly downed her thermos of coffee in the morning she had to keep a bottle of water handy to stay cool. What's more the morning had had her on her feet the whole time, running to and fro with errands, questions, and all sorts of problems. Right now even, instead of being comfortably behind her desk she was peering over a colleague's shoulder trying to figure out just what had gone wrong.

“I told you, run the script again and it'll work.” She didn't bother keeping the annoyance out of her voice.

Her colleague did as he was asked and lo, the program ran as it was supposed to. For his part, he seemed amazed that it was so simple.

“I've been trying to get this working all morning.”

Clarissa simply nodded and left the man to keep working, making her way through the cubicle maze back to her own office. It wasn't even lunch and she was ready to call it a day and go home. As she sits behind her desk, she feels a bead of sweat make its way down her back, an uncomfortable reminder of the heat.

She takes a sip from the now ever-present bottle of water on her desk and starts going through emails. Mostly nothing that mattered to her, a couple of recurrent errors that she had seen popping up in others' work, but hardly interesting content. She idly sips her water, passing the time til her next meeting with idle reading. Not five minutes before she needs to head over, she feels a twinge in her gut.

It wasn't anything major, no pressing concern for her, but she needed to pee. All this heat had her drinking her water too fast, it was definitely time to slow down a bit. Clarissa briefly considers going to the bathroom before heading to the meeting. It's only a fleeting need though, she thinks, I can just wait til the meeting is done.

Her mind made up, she grabs the files she needed for her part, locks her computer, and heads out of her office. The jaunty walk helps relieve the pressure she had been feeling below. It had hardly been bad anyway, so she puts it from her mind and focuses on the meeting ahead.

She greets a friend outside the door and slips into the dimly lit conference room. Others slowly trickle into the room, a thought that makes her unconsciously shift in her chair. Other managers, a couple trainers, even one or two regular employees all eventually join.

A TV at the end of the table turns on once everyone is seated, looks like it was going to be a joint meeting with the guys overseas too.

“Hey everyone, I know it's short notice for some of you, but thank you for coming,” a man on the other end of the connection says. “Let's jump right into it then.”

The meeting was hardly an exciting affair. Lots of discussions around new training regimens for new hires, the progression of statistics, all sorts of dull things. When it was finally her turn, she went on at length about a new idea for a hiring process that seemed to go over well. Unfortunately not even Clarissa's own presentation could distract her from her growing need to pee.

Sipping the water they'd offered during the meeting had definitely cooled her down from the seemingly growing heat, but did nothing for her bladder. That earlier twitch of her muscles before she walked over had grown into a little ball of pressure inside. She was still able to ignore it, but it was taking a concerted effort to do so. What's more, she was almost certain that someone had noticed her struggle to keep still at the meeting. Hopefully though, they just assumed it was down to boredom.

Whenever people finally stopped asking questions, then she would go. There were only a few hours til work was over, but it was better to be safe than sorry. Another twenty long minutes of tapping her foot later, and it was finished at last. People rose to leave the room, and Clarissa did along with them already relaxing.

“Miss Caine, could you stay behind a moment?” It was the operations lead, Thomas, speaking to her.

She froze the moment he started talking. Even though she knew from experience that it was rarely a bad thing if Thomas asked to talk to her, the boss talking to her at all simply set her nerves on edge. That sudden tension only increased her need to visit a toilet.

Clarissa takes her seat again and Thomas sits across the table from her. He seemed relaxed and cheery in stark contrast to the tension she was feeling. He leans back in his chair with a wide grin on his face.

“Don't know if you could tell, but your idea with recruitment was a hit. How much thought have you put into it?”

Clarissa smiles nervously, in truth she had taken the idea from a place that she's worked at previously. A simple thing really, just a mock version of what the person would be expected to do but with the interviewers.

“Well,” she starts. “It was just something I'd thought since we do in training, why not put it up front too?”

“It makes sense to me,” Thomas nods in agreement with your little white lie. “Look I want a formal proposal for it as soon as you can. The sooner we can implement this the better.”

Clarissa was shocked into silence, forgetting even the pressure growing in her bladder. She'd never worked with the recruitment team before and didn't know anyone there. What's more she hadn't even been part of the company for half a decade, she felt that she'd be stepping on more than a few toes with this.

Thomas could apparently see her unease and tapped the table to bring her out of her shock.

“It's just a proposal, Miss Caine. You're not going to be heading up recruitment or anything but I want this written as if you were a department head. Got it?”

“Yeah, that sounds doable.” Clarissa nods in agreement with him. The shock was subsiding and now the need to pee was coming back. She just wanted to get out of the room, but Thomas continued.

He went into detail about how exactly to draft her plan, how she ought to use certain words and phrases to use, bits of jargon she didn't know before. Sure it was useful but she knew that she wouldn't remember a thing because of how distracting her bladder was.

Finally though, he finished and she left. Clarissa didn't hesitate, heading straight for the bathroom just down the hall from the conference room. She regretted not taking a minute to go before the meeting but ultimately as long as she got there she no longer cared.

She moved as quickly as she could while keeping her appearance professional, and finally there it was after what felt like a far longer walk than a couple dozen meters. She breathed a sigh of relief and her bladder felt like it sighed as well, the heaving emphasizing how much she needed to go now. Clarissa placed her hand on the door and shoved to open in.

Only to collide with the door and stumble back, stunned. Locked, why was it locked? She looks up and sees a sign that fills her with worry. 'Closed for sanitation' it said. She vaguely recalled an email saying one of the toilets would be closed for some kind of major health inspection, it was just her luck that it was this one. She grits her teeth and raises a clenched fist, wanting nothing more than to pound on the door til someone opened it but instead she takes a few deep breaths and relaxes. There was no need to get worked up, it wasn't like this was the only bathroom on this floor, let alone in the whole building.

Clarissa straightens her clothes and decides to go back to her office. The feeling of having to go was subsiding anyway, so there was no point wasting anymore time. Her last break of the day was coming up anyway and she could go then. Until it came though, she had work to do.

The next hour was spent on her new project. Thomas had suggested a week, but really she wanted this done sooner than that. She wasn't going to be done tonight, and there was no way she was working through the weekend even on something as important as this, but this much work on a late Friday afternoon was starting to take it out of her. She'd been avoiding drinking any more water than she had to as well, and that certainly wasn't helping the feeling of grogginess that was settling over her mind.

Worse still, it was no longer delaying the feeling of a filling bladder that had just come back in the last little while. There was still at least another thirty minute til she was on break and could have a chance at using the bathroom. In the meantime she unbuttoned her crimson trousers in an effort to at least stave off the worst of the pressure.

Fortunately it worked, and Clarissa was near ecstatic. For just a moment, she had thought of the possibility of a twenty-eight year old woman having an accident in her own office. The moment, at least, was past but not without a deep pang of shame going through her. The idea made her stomach tighten in fear. She'd been forced to wear pull-ups until, by her reckoning, she was far too old and those memories had stuck with her all these years.

She shook her head to clear the unpleasant memories, it had been a long time since then and she didn't plan for it to happen again til she was too old to remember anymore. The hot sting of embarrassment in her cheeks fades away along with the thoughts as she focuses once more on her work.

It was coming along well, at least a third of the first draft for her proposal was complete. The rest would come just as smoothly, she was sure. With a quiet sigh, she leaned back in her chair and stretched out her arms. The warm sun shining through her window felt lovely on her back and shoulders, a much more gentle warmth than the office had been all day.

A knock at Clarissa's door interrupted the little reverie she found herself in and she ended the stretch and called out.

“Come on in.”

To your surprise it was Jake, one of the newer managers at the company. If she recalled correctly he had just been promoted last month. He seemed like a good enough guy, asked a lot of the right questions. She had helped him with his application a bit, feeding him bits and pieces that the top levels liked to hear sort of like Thomas had been doing for her earlier.

“Hey, Miss Clare,” he started in a tone too upbeat for a Friday afternoon spent in the office. “The boss got you working hard today, eh?”

She offers him a tired smile and a quick nod. “I did it to myself, don't make a suggestion unless you want to be the one telling people how to do it.”

He chuckles and takes a seat in one of the other chairs in your office.

“I bet, did you know most of the manager training is self-directed now? You wouldn't believe how much work I did on my own time. Honestly it's almost criminal.”

Clarissa smiles, Jake's talent for overstatement was usually entertaining and frankly a welcome distraction from her more pressing needs.

“Well look at it this way, at least they didn't just throw you into the work without so much as a 'good luck'. On the job training was the way of my day.” She didn't bother mentioning just how recent that change was, or who had suggested it.

“Yeah that,” he shakes his finger at the frankly terrible thought. “That definitely would have been awful.”

She offers him a smile and the conversation dies down. She glances at the clock on her computer, break time at last. With a few quick keystrokes she locks the computer then rises from her desk.

Jake stands from his own chair and smiles at her in return. He up speaks in a hesitant but hopeful tone. “Hey, do you uh, want to grab something from the sandwich place downstairs? My treat.”

Clarissa blinks at the offer, Jake had always been a sweet guy but she hadn't thought he felt like this about her. Now that it was on her mind though, he wasn't bad looking in the slightest. At six feet he stood about an inch taller than she did, and he was broadly handsome. She returns his smile as she seriously considers taking him up on it.

A twinge of pain from her bladder reminds her though, she had something else to do right now. She winces and shakes her head slowly.

“Maybe some other time? Now's not really great for me.”

Jake's smile shrinks and he nods as well. “Sure, that's no problem. Let me know when eh?” Without waiting for a response he retreats from the room hastily, shutting the door with a muffled clack on his way.

Clarissa lets out a quiet sigh, it would have been nice to have some kind of date and she wasn't getting any younger. Another cramp from her bladder though reminds her that it was definitely the right choice to make. She puts away a few papers that were still on her desk, moving as quickly as she reasonably could.

A few minutes later and she was done, none too soon either. Her need to pee was growing faster than she'd thought possible, especially since she hadn't had a sip of water for at least half an hour. Yes it really was right to have turned Jake down. She hurriedly tosses her handbag over one shoulder and steps out from her office.

She starts down the hall towards the bathroom once more, quickly but trying to still appear unhurried and in control. Her need to pee was only growing stronger while she walked, every step was sending another wave of need through her. But the bathroom was in sight now, it would only be another moment and she'd finally be rid of that feeling. She gets another three meters down the hall, just a dozen more to the bathroom and then stops.

In her haste, Clarissa had totally forgotten that that toilet was closed. She spins around on her heel and starts walking even faster in the other direction. There was another one that was a bit further from her office than she'd like, even further since she'd gone the wrong way like an idiot. Still at least there was another one, unlike other places she'd worked.

But no matter, there it was at last, like a beacon of hope. She didn't hesitate for a moment, shoving the door open and taking her first step into the bathroom. She felt her bladder and body relax the moment she took that step, the need to pee abating for a moment. Then it all came crashing back with her second step.

Clarissa carried herself right into the back of another person, just inside the doorway. She heard a distinctly masculine yell and then she was on her ass on the cold tiles. The person, the man, she had bumped into turns around and looks down at her just as surprised as she was.

“Uh, sorry about that miss...?”

Clarissa stands up and straightens her clothes out, glaring at the man blocking her way. She was in no mood for this.

“Clare, Clarissa Clare. What are you doing in the women's toilets?”

The man looks at her, still clearly confused, then over his shoulder. Clarissa follows his gaze, her heart sinking and bladder tightening back up at the sight. The bathroom looked like a disaster, tiles were torn up and scattered all over the floor. The counters and sinks were torn up as well. Worse still, the toilets were simply gone and only empty stalls remained.

“Remodelling, Miss Clare. We asked your boss to send out a few emails this week to remind you guys, don't tell me he didn't.”

She sighs and massages the bridge of her nose with her fingers. Another forgotten email in the rush to use the bathroom. She still felt the pressing need to go but for some reason, maybe the total lack of an option, she was okay at the moment.

“No I'm sure he did, I guess I just forgot. Sorry I'll get out of your way.”

The man looks back at her and nods. “By all means.”

Clarissa beats a hasty retreat from the bathroom, she didn't want to stick around to be reminded just how close she got to relief. But she wasn't a quitter, she could last at least til the end of the day. With her little detour down the wrong direction, she didn't have time to visit the one other bathroom she knew of in the little cafe downstairs. Just another hour though and she could go.

That thought kept her going for another forty minutes, throwing herself at her work furiously to distract from more pressing matters. She had returned from break and called in a favour to get out of work a little early. It wouldn't be long now and then she'd be free and relieved. That was still at least twenty minutes away, though.

That time was passing far too slowly for her liking. Every tick of the clock may as well have been a finger poking at her near full bladder. She began to tap her foot impatiently, keeping time with the agonizing seconds passing by. She couldn't focus any longer on her work, everything was closed and she was just maintaining appearances until she could leave.

With five minutes to go, another knock interrupted her impatient tapping. She clicked her back teeth together in annoyance and barely kept the feeling out of her voice.

“Come in!”

The door opened and one of the guys on her team stepped in, a newer one named...Michael was it? Probably Michael.

“Miss Clare, sorry to bother you so late in the day but we've got a problem I think.” His voice was hesitant and he stuttered more than once. She didn't know whether it was the scowl that probably wrinkled her face or just new guy nerves. She holds out a hand and gestures for him to give the tablet he was clutching to his chest like a security blanket.

With agonizing slowness he held it out to her, and she felt like it took him minutes even though it wasn't nearly that long. As soon as it was in her hand she snatched it away and began reading. The more she read the deeper her scowl became, and her heart sank.

It seemed that somebody on the team hadn't been as diligent as they were supposed to be. A late test run the lead had done this afternoon had resulted in the entire program crashing with apparently no explanation as to what the problem was or how it managed to entirely ruin two weeks of progress. Worse still was the recommendation: “at least another hour of overtime...” time that she wouldn't be able to take off.

She sets the pad down and sighs, rubbing her suddenly heavy eyes with the back of her hands. Of course this would happen at this time on a Friday, no disaster could ever wait for the weekend. She bites the inside of her lip, her tiredness and bodily urges forgotten in a sudden and furious burst of energy. She scoops the tablet back off her desk and stands, gesturing to the door.

“Let's get started, the sooner we figure out what's going on the sooner we can draw up a plan to tackle it on Monday.” She doesn't bother to hide the frustration in her voice.

For his part, Michael just followed after her without responding. Best decision he could have made, Clarissa thinks. As though they can sense it, her team turns to look at her one by one. Some look tired, some scared, but it's clear that none of them want to be here for this either. She decides to simply rip the bandaid off.

“Alright, I don't really care who did it because we all have to fix it. We're going to be here til we find out what the problem is, after that we'll go home. Fixing it can wait until next week but the important thing is identification.”

She holds out a hand to Michael and he gives her the tablet. She doesn't waste any time, tapping through the sections of code with familiar ease.

“I'll send out emails to you guys in a couple minutes. We'll each have a section to review and test. Make notes of any bugs or errors you come across, but leave them where they are. Come Monday we'll compare notes and see if we can't figure out what's going on. Questions?”

No one makes a sound, really they just seem anxious to get back to their computers and finish the day. Clarissa understood that feeling all too well, this day had dragged on too long already and she wanted nothing more than to leave if only to have a chance to use the toilet. With her team silent she nods and turns back to her office, there was work to be done.

And work she and her team did, for the next hour, past their usual 4pm knock off time. By this point, Clarissa was long out of patience. She was constantly tapping her foot, her flat shoes making a seemingly deafening cacophony of clicks that blended with her typing on the keys of her computer. She was at her wits end, she'd examined this section for errors dozens of times and there was nothing out of place. In fact it was quite the comprehensive bit of code, without being overbearing and long.

If her bladder wasn't back to being a pain, she could appreciate it for the elegant work it was. However it felt like her belly had doubled in size since she started the day, her belt felt as though it was cutting into her. A knock at her door signalled that the end of her torture might be here though.

Michael came in, looking tired but smiling. “They're done, Miss Clare. We've got at least most of the errors nailed down to start fixing. And if you don't mind me saying, I think everyone's ready to head home.”

Clarissa glanced at the clock: just past five now. The cafe downstairs was still opened at least for a little while. She sighs with relief and returned Michael's smile.

“Alright, then get out of here. See you on Monday.”

Michael nodded and left her office. From her team's desks she hear a muffled cheer and the vague shuffling of people leaving the office. Another minute and it was quiet again. Clarissa had already packed up her own work and was shutting down her computer when there was another knock at the door. Unexpected and frankly unwelcome as it was, she couldn't help her irritated tone. “What is it?”

It happened to be Thomas, smiling as always. She straightened up immediately, looking a bit embarrassed about her outburst. He didn't look angry though, or even annoyed.

“Rough day?” He sounded almost jovial, in stark contrast to how Clarissa felt and probably looked. She nodded in reply and continued to pack up.

“I heard about the uh...issue you guys had,” he continued. “How'd that turn out.”

Clarissa grimaces, this was taking up time that she needed at this point. “It's fine, we'll be sorting it all out Monday. Might delay the program a couple days, but hopefully it'll be quicker than that.”

He shrugs his shoulders. “Well what can be done? How's the proposal coming along besides then?”

“It's going fine, should be done by end of next week.” She glances past him at the door, hoping she didn't seem too desperate. But at this point she was completely finished with the delays. “Look Thomas, I don't mean to be rude but I really need to go.”

He puts up his hands and steps aside. “By all means, I'll see you Monday then.”

She gives him a tight smile, grabs her purse, and heads out. It was a bad day to have worn her tighter pair of trousers, not only for the constant extra pressure on her bladder but it was restricting her walking speed as well. Sweat was starting to prick her back, and she knew that the stress of holding it all day was really getting to her now.

She almost stumbled into the elevator, she wasn't even wearing heels and it was hard walking straight. She slapped the button for the ground floor and sighed with relief as the doors began to close. But just as she was relaxing, a hand slipped into the closing door and makes it open again. The surprise made her bladder reflexively tighten up and it took all her self control to not scream in surprise and frustration. A nervous looking girl entered the elevator when the door was open again and she gave you a thankful grin.

“Sorry, almost missed this one too! I forgot something at my desk and had to run back...” The girl rambled on for a moment, without hitting the button for wherever she was going. Clarissa smiled tightly, as politely as she could. After the other girl fell silent she pressed a button, a couple levels up from Clarissa's and the elevator jolted slightly as it began moving down.

The elevator seemed to be moving slower than normal, and Clarissa couldn't help tapping her foot impatiently. The younger girl looked nervous around her and kept shifting her weight from foot to foot. For some reason that movement reminded Clarissa even more of her need to pee, and her foot tapping increased in tempo the more she thought about it.

Finally it jolted to a stop and the door opened for the girl's floor. The girl, who Clarissa is sure she recognized but couldn't think of a name for, gave her a jaunty wave and quickly left. Unfortunately, it seemed fate wasn't quite done giving her a hard time. A dozen people, who had apparently been waiting, quickly piled into the already cramped space. She was rapidly driven to the back and pressed against the back of the elevator.

She wasn't able to do much as the it continued its way down, now full of people all going to different places in the building. It felt like she was stopping on every floor, and each jerk as the machine halted its downward travel was like a needle driven into her aching bladder. Someone accidentally leaned backwards at one point, putting a sudden spike of pressure on her belly. The woman in question apologized swiftly, to which Clarissa gave her best smile and nod but she was beyond the point of words to express herself now.

The mass of people began thinning, but was still too thick to push through as the doors opened and she saw the lobby through them. But she tried valiantly, attempted to thread her thin body through the throng in the elevator. An accidental jab to her stomach from an elbow put a stop to that quick enough. Her last attempted was physically shoving the people in front of her aside, but cramped as it was they didn't budge. Of course, that could have had something to do with her 160cm height or frankly scrawny build. Once more she vowed to herself to go to the gym, if only she made it to the toilet in time.

With her last chance to get out on the ground floor vanishing behind a pair of closing doors, she decided to simply close her eyes and wait at the back. She recalled a sutra her yoga teacher had taught her for calmness and control and repeated it over and over in her head. It actually worked, she was able to regain the control she had nearly lost just moments before. She was aware of her pressing need to pee but the urgency she had felt and the fear of losing control in her pants like a child slipped away like smoke.

She stayed that way for what could have been hours, but must have only been a few minutes. Clarissa slowly opened her eyes as she became aware of the sudden emptiness of the elevator and its stillness. She blinked in surprise, suddenly feeling very alone and aware of how she must have looked to the other passengers when they had left her behind. But none of that mattered now.

She hurriedly slapped the button for the ground floor, her momentary calm forgotten in a frenzy of finally being unblocked from her goal. The elevator started moving upwards from the parking levels she had found herself on, slowly toward the ground level again. Her foot started tapping the tiles again, her flat, black shoes filling the air with a frantic, constant noise.

At long last though, the doors slid open with a ping from the speaker and she half walked, half jogged into the lobby of the building. She wasted no time in heading for the little cafe that was just across the foyer, there she knew was a bathroom that was open for sure. Her pace gradually increased along with the tightness returning in her bladder. Eventually though there was just one more corner to turn and she'd be there. A feeling of relief began bubbling up, just a few more meters and her hellish torment would be over at last and she could go home happy and comfy. With a growing smile she rounded the corner with a little skip...

...And comes to a sudden stop as a metal grate blocks her way. The shock made her stomach muscles tighten and she nearly leaked then and there. She slapped a hand against grate as though it would open at her touch, but it just rattled in place. Her brief sense of relief was gone and replaced with an almost animalistic need to pee.

She steps back from the closed shop and takes several deep breaths. There was no need to panic yet, home was only a short drive from here. It would only be ten minutes if she took the highway, so all she had to do was get down to her car and drive. Yes, it was going to be fine, just a bit more uncomfortable than she thought.

Clarissa stood up straight and brushed her burgundy suit jacket smooth, then did the same for her pants. A desperate need to pee was no reason for a shabby appearance even if there wasn't anyone around to judge her on it. She walked back towards the elevator, quick but just barely in control of herself. But it was better than it had been only moments before, maybe that meditation had really helped her. She'd have to speak with her yoga instructor and give them her thanks.

The elevator began moving only a few seconds after she hit the button, the doors closed mercifully fast. The descent though, felt agonizingly slow as if the machine itself was trying to torment her. That was absurd of course, but she still felt a slight paranoia that only let up once she was at the bottom level of the parking garage and walking to her car.

Her little Echo wasn't much for looks or speed, but today it may as well be a drag racer for how hard she would push it. As she started up the car she silently cursed the fact that she'd parked so far down and had to go up half a dozen levels to get to the street. Eventually she arrives at the exit to the garage and glances back and forth on the road, making sure she was clear to pull out. Almost as an afterthought she pulls her seatbelt on and, simply from routine, pulls it tight around her waist.

The shock of pain from her overstressed bladder is sharp enough that she nearly slams on the brakes. She let out a gasp and struggled to regain her breath as the sharpness subsided to a dull ache and then back to the now familiar desperation to pee. She resolved to pay more attention to what she was doing, another shock like that and she may actually have an accident and old as this car was she certainly didn't want to ruin the upholstery.

She reflects as she drives that her concern had turned from having an accident at the age of 28 to the far smaller concern about her car seats. But no matter what the outcome, it just wasn't acceptable to pee herself no matter how bad things got. Besides, she was getting onto the highway now and that she knew would carry her home quick enough.

However it seemed the traffic had other ideas; almost the moment she got up to speed she had to slow right down again. A creeping sense of dread came over her and she pulled slightly to the side to see how far the jam stretched. That feeling only increased as she saw car after car stretching for kilometers, as far as she could see traffic was backed way up. It wasn't a total standstill, but she knew this would prolong her trip home by quite a while.

Fifteen painful, desperate minutes later it felt like she was no closer to home than she had been at the office. However she was able to see, in the distance, exactly what was causing the traffic to slow to a crawl. An arc of water sprayed high over the highway, and she could see cars trying to squeeze down from three lanes to one to avoid whatever it was. A broken water main maybe?

The more she stared to try and figure out what it was though, the worse her need to pee got. She tried to look anywhere else, at anything else, but something about the massive cascade of water kept drawing her attention back. Eventually she turned on the radio and willed herself to stare at the bumped of the car in front of her as it slowly inched along.

“...And for the coming weekend, well you'd better get out your umbrella's,” a far too excited voice spoke over the radio. “It seems no good thing can last forever, so we'll be expecting rain, rain, rain over Saturday and Sunday with the clouds set to clear by Monday afternoon.”

The two hosts went on complaining about the rain for another few minutes, discussing in fine detail just how much they hated the sound of it pounding down on the rooftops. The clingly feeling of wet clothes on their skin. The constant dribbling down hoods and umbrellas. By the time she turned the radio off, Clarissa was unconsciously rubbing her thighs together in an effort to stave off an accident.

After the radio was off though, the feeling of desperation began to fade again. With only the gentle purr of her car's engine she was able to regain some semblance of control. But just in case, she loosened her seatbelt a bit and undid the button on her dark red slacks. There was no need to chance anything, especially when she was drawing closer to home.

Then a gentle pattering sound started on the roof of her car, and drops of water began appearing on the windscreen. Looking up she saw she was coming under the column of water now and ahead she could finally see where it was coming from.

A great number of workers were crowded around what looked like a crater in the highway, and she could see a few different broken pipes all spraying water. The noise grew louder as she got closer to the breach and she found herself fidgeting again as it brought her uncomfortable situation to the front of her mind again. At least it seemed traffic was moving quicker on the other side of the crater as cars once again spread into different lanes.

But just as she passed under the heaviest spray of water, the car in front of her slammed on its brakes. She was forced to as well, and despite the slow speed she could feel her seatbelt dig into her bladder. She felt a rush just south of her belly, like a stream flowing, but a quick check determined that she hadn't leaked. Now though she was trapped under the pouring water, the constant drumming and dripping causing her even more pain than the sudden stop had.

Clarissa can see past the car in front of her a team of workers carrying some piece of equipment slowly across the lane, the apparent reason for the stop. She drums her fingers on the wheel as they move across the road, far too slowly for her desire. After what seemed to be an eon though, and another round of sutra reciting, she was able to pull forward and out of the pouring stream of water.

Finally she was home free. After the jam, the road opened up and she was able to speed along her way home. She could once again feel her need to pee subsiding as she got closer to home. It seemed that she would make it after all. In retrospect, despite how tortuously long the day had seemed and how painful it had been to hold it in for this long, there was no question in her mind that she had already made it.

As she pulled into her block, the feeling of triumph only grew stronger. That dread feeling that had clung to her from when she was a child slowly slipped away. Against all odds and in spite of the absurd situations that had held her up today she had proven herself stronger. At long last, she pulled her car into the driveway of her little bungalow.

As she walked up to the door she was practically skipping. Just making it back here was almost enough relief for her. She put her key in the lock and turned it so she could get inside and finally have some actual relief. But it didn't turn, the door simply rattled in place as she tried to push it open.

She immediately felt sweat prick her back as the desperation returned in full force. She took the key from the lock and put another one in. They looked similar, maybe she had just made a mistake in her haste. The lock rattled again and once again the door failed to open. This was getting out of hand. She took the key out and looked closely at her key ring, picking through it til she was sure she had the right one. Finally it turned the lock and she pushed her way into the house, the door slamming behind her in her haste.

Suddenly she heard a deep bark and was knocked flat on her ass. Her face suddenly became covered in slobber as the offender made herself yet another obstacle in Clarissa's quest for relief. In her haste she had forgotten that she was looking after Bella, her neighbour's Bernese mountain dog. The massive mutt seemed to be quite unhappy about being left inside by herself all day. But Clarissa's last bit of patience ran out when the dog stepped directly on her swollen bladder.

She shoves Bella off and runs toward the bathroom. Her flat shoes clicked against the linoleum floor and she nearly slipped as she rounded the corner toward the bathroom. But she recovered swiftly and continued to run to the bathroom. Any sense of decorum was gone from her movement, she wasn't in public so there was no need to worry about eyes on her and her desperation took over. As she came around the final corner she felt another wave come over her bladder and she knew that it was now or never. She sprinted the final few meters and dashed at the doorway to the toilet.

And smacked firmly into the door she had closed to keep the dog out. She bounced off the door and collapsed to the ground, staring up at the portal. Another spike of pressure came from her bladder. It was the final straw after a long day of torment.

Her burgundy pants darkened to near black as her pent up pee cascaded into them. The hiss that came from her crotch was deafening in the otherwise silent house. Clarissa could feel the heat of the desperately flowing liquid spread down from her crotch and over her plump ass, pooling beneath her and soaking into the legs of her pants.

Like a little girl, she was having an accident once again. But she was so shocked she couldn't feel any shame even as her stream of pee picked up force and expanded the puddle under her. The feeling of relief that accompanied it though did make it through the fog of her stunned state. And still the warm feeling of her pee flooding her pants continued.

It felt like it went on for far too long, as though she was peeing out more liquid than her entire body could hold. Her pants were beyond soaked, so much so that she could even feel it dripping from her thighs as capillary action drew it up her raised legs. Her panties were certainly ruined, in fact there wasn't a scrap of fabric below her waist that wasn't drenched in pee. But it still carried on for another minute.

Finally the flow slowed down to a trickle and finally stopped. The heat from her pee gradually cooled and she was left sitting shocked in a chilly, gross feeling puddle of her own fluid. She shakily rose to her feet and, somehow, a several second long spurt that apparently remained inside her made sure that her shoes too were filled with urine.

She opened the door with a trembling hand and stepped into the bathroom, her shoes and socks squishing with each unsteady step. Behind her was a trail of drops from her saturated pants. Even now that the shock was passing though, she didn't feel all that awful. Ashamed no doubt, she was a grown woman that failed to get to the toilet like an adult. But the relief from going, even in her pants, had been nigh orgasmic.

She shook her head as she slipped off her sodden shoes then peeled off her pants and panties. They were left in a wet pile on the floor, and her jacket, shirt, and bra joined them in short order. Her thighs felt sticky and she was still shaking as she stepped into the shower and turned the hot water up. All that mattered to her was that the awful day was over and she knew that if ever got this bad, she would make it next time.

Once again thank you to aumonier95 for commissioning this work!

