How Long Will Shyness Make A Girl Hold It

Author: V.A.I.

*000*2024-02-29 19:01

Hi everyone! I recently managed to pick writing back up as a cure to my boredom; not really thinking about what I write but instead focusing on just putting a few words down and seeing where it takes me. This time, it was another one of our beloved main character Ocean's adventures (shameless plug to check out my profile for more Ocean and others haha). Even though I feel like fiction has somewhat been losing its popularity to visual artwork lately, I hope some of you will still find this entertaining. Enjoy!

#

Hi. My name's Ocean.

It's been a little more than two years since I graduated college. Although my college years were relatively uneventful compared to my peers, I did still have my fair share of fun times. One of me and my friend group's favourite after-school activities was to simply grab a few beers, park my car to somewhere quiet and drink away the stress of the whole day. Usually it would be just me and one or two other guy friends, but one day, we had someone new.

She was a girl named Marla, whom we had met on a mutual class we were taking. She was average height and weight, with medium length curly brown hair and matching brown eyes. We had only talked a few times—she could barely be considered a friend, but we certainly didn't mind additional company, so none of us objected when she offered to join in one evening.

After our last class, me and one other friend named Chase, picked Marla up and drove to a liquor store close to our drinking spot, making small talk with her on the way. She didn't seem like much of a conversation starter on her own, but she joined in on me an Chase's conversations quite often and it turned out she was quite fun to hang out with.

We reached our destination with more chatting on the way, and started drinking. We had more than a dozen beers to share between the four of us, conveniently kept cool by my trusty insulated cooler box I always carried in the trunk of my car.

With that, one beer became two, and then three, as time passed while we got drunk and had all sort of fun chats. Marla still wasn't fully warmed up to us, but with the help from the alcohol, it didn't take too long for the three of us to talk like we were best buddies.

About an hour in, I had to pee, so I did what me an my friends usually did when we had to pee.

"Hey guys, I gotta pee real quick. I'll be right there."

I gestured towards the bushes about fifty meters from where we were. I was never one to be shy about my need to pee, and could pee just about anywhere with minimal privacy—and neither was Chase.

"Alright bro, take care. I gotta go too; I'll go when you come back," Chase replied as I made my way towards the bushes.

On my way there, I thought of something that probably should have crossed my mind before we even came here. Whenever me and the boys came here to drink and had to pee (which was often due to our preferred drink of choice being beer), we would just go behind a bush and get it done; but we'd never had a girl with us here before; what would Marla do if she had to go? We were at a relatively secluded area; the nearest bathroom was well outside walking distance. Would she ever use the bushes? It was still early and it wasn't all dark, what if someone walked in on her? It was different for a girl to just pop a squat after all, right?

I went back to the car to see Marla and Chase start with their third beers, while I thought for another solution to what was inevitably to happen to Marla; an urge to pee.

"Hoo boy, I better go empty out too..." Chase paused his conversation with Marla and made his way to the bushes. "...beer goes riiiight through me, I swear it doesn't even stop at my tummy."

At this point, we were all slowly starting to get drunk. In the next thirty minutes, the three of us had finished our third beers and also learned a lot about Marla through our conversations. Though as we drank, I was starting to notice me and Chase were getting more chatty and relaxed as we usually did, but Marla was only getting more and more silent. Her contibutions were a few words at best, and sometimes only in the form of a forced smile. She had also started to stand with her legs crossed, leaning against the car.

Chase was either too drunk or too uninterested to notice anything, but me being me, I was almost certain Marla had to pee by now. I mean, all of us were drinking at roughly the same pace, and me and Chase already had to go pee once—I was even starting to need to go again. Rather remarkably, Marla looked relatively composed thus far.

That didn't last too long though. Not long after, Marla stopped standing and instead opted to pace back and forth while she continued to try and keep up the conversation. She had also put her jacket back on, as it was getting rather cold as the evening progressed—can't imagine that was helping her either. I debated whether or not to say anything, but I couldn't just ask "Hey, are you bursting to pee?" to a girl I didn't know quite that well either.

Marla continued pacing for a while, while all three of us finished our third beers.

"Another one, guys?" I asked looking at the two.

"Sure bro, why not," Chase replied, always ready for one more drink. "Gotta pee reeeal bad again though, be right back. Gonna give those trees a gooooood ol' waterin'."

He once again went to visit the bushes.

"Sorry about that," I apologized to Marla for my friend's directness. "I swear he's normally quite the gentleman."

"No worries," Marla forced a smile as she stopped pacing and bobbed up and down a few times.

"Are you alright, Marla?" I asked her. "Are you cold? It can be a bit breezy here at this time, maybe we shoulda warned you..."

"No, I'm alright, thank you," she replied, but averted her gaze. "Nevermind that, let's down those last three beers, shall we?"

I was very impressed at the fact that Marla herself offered to load yet another beer into her bladder while the first three continued to rapidly fill her up. Though it also could have been that she wanted us to finish drinking so we could go find her a proper bathroom to empty herself.

As she handed me my fourth beer and grabbed her own, I saw her about to say something, then hesitate for a few seconds, before eventually deciding to do so anyway.

"Hey Ocean, I know it's a stupid question since you guys have been using the bushes over there, but..." Marla once again averted her gaze. "Is there... Is there any chance there's a restroom around here?"

Well, it was about time she asked. You could see the struggle she was putting up to stand still from her face as she waited for an answer, clinging to the hope that by some miracle my answer would be yes.

"Oh... Umm... Not that I know of. All we're surrounded by here is a few apartments, a park, a few cars, trees and bushes. That's actually why we often come here to drink; it's peaceful, but not super deserted. A few people still pass by every now and then."

Marla's face fell visibly. I continued.

"Do you... do you have to go too? If it's bad, we could go fin—"

"Oh no no, I'm quite alright, really," Marla lied, despite starting to look visibly desperate from the outside. "I wouldn't want to interrupt the fun. Come on, let's drink up."

Marla cracked open her beer, as did I, and we both took a few sips.

"I'm gonna go check on Chase, he should have been back by now," I told Marla after a few minutes, and made my way towards the bushes.

"Okay."

Halfway to there, I realized I had forgotten my phone in the car. When I turned my head to look back, I saw Marla openly grab her crotch with one hand and break into a pee dance all the while still drinking her beer, trying to get through it as fast as possible so we could call it a night and she would have no trouble asking us to drop her off at a bathroom. I decided not to go back to the car; it was clear Marla really needed some privacy to grab and pee dance her urge away.

I found Chase a few meters away from the bushes talking to someone on the phone, so I took the chance to relieve myself while I had the chance. I was once again impressed by how the two guys in the group had to go twice already and Marla had not even relieved herself once. Me and Chase went back to the car; I made sure to say something to Chase loudly before we arrived, so Marla would hear us coming and not get caught pee dancing.

She did make an effort to conceal it, but I think now Marla was past the point of being able to stand still; instead leaning against the car and wriggling her legs back and forth. She was also finished with her fourth can of beer much quicker than us two, all that liquid (amplified by the diuretic effect of alcohol) rapidly making its way down to fill her bladder at an exorbitant rate.

"Hey Marla, sorry for the wait," Chase grabbed his fourth can of beer. "Now, where were we..."

Marla did not answer. She was clearly in a very desperate state by now, her focus mostly shifted to keeping the contents of her bladder locked in. Her hands were dying to tightly grab her crotch and not let go, but now with us two watching, they could only go as close as her inner thighs, which were pressed tightly together with the disguise of heating them up.

Me and Chase kept chatting while Marla could only spare enough concentration for a few smiles and nods, the rest of her focus directed solely on her urge. The pressure of having to stop herself from not only wetting herself, but also showing any indication that she was bursting had to be incredible, considering she wasn't even sitting down. Yet even still, Marla did not even make any open remarks whatsoever about her need; nevermind asking us to take her to a toilet. Instead, she repositioned herself to be sitting on the trunk of the car in a way that her butt was pressed against the top part of the bumper, where the trunk begins—a move she hoped would at least somewhat alleviate her immense urge to grab herself in front of the two boys.

But the nature's call eventually got louder and louder, until she now had to cross and uncross her legs and wiggle her butt while pressing her private parts deeper into where she was sitting. Despite her best efforts to hide them, small groans and sighs increasingly frequently kept escaping her. Part of me—as always—was dying to see just how desperate she would have to be to either dash off to the bushes, or at least ask us to find her a restroom, but I was also worried she would be too shy to do so until it was too late. I decided to step in.

"Is it just me or is anybody else getting a bit too tired and cold? " I asked looking mainly at Chase and pointing at the still more than half-full can in his hand. "Come on Chase, chug up the rest of it and let's go."

Marla's eyes brightened at the mention of calling it a night, believing her discomfort to be nearing its end.

"I... I'm going in the car to pack up my stuff then..." Marla cut in before Chase could reply, and without even waiting for us to respond, rushing in to the back seat. I saw her sit down, but couldn't see much else from the back window.

"What's her rush?" Chase remarked, somehow seemingly oblivious to Marla's desperate struggle. Was she that good at hiding her desperation, or was I just better at picking up signs of it than the average person? Either way, I played dumb.

"Not sure man, but we really should call it a night; we still gotta drive her and ourselves back home," I replied. "You good to drive?"

"Yeah, no problem bro," Chase lifted up his still full can of beer and threw it in the bin next to the car. "I'm probably the least drunk of all of us."

Chase took the driver seat, while I sat next to him at the front and Marla alone at the back. Though I did see Marla's absolutely frantic pee dance while walking past the back window; with her hands firmly grasped at her crotch, squirming erratically with her head down. She jolted up and stopped moving as she heard the door open, moving her hands to her sides to grab on the edge of the seat instead. Her head was still down, with an immense strain visible on her face.

"You alright Marla?" I looked back to check on her as Chase started the car and drove off. "Do you feel sick or something?"

"Nope, I'm great, no worries..."

"Alright, just checking..."

I was going to leave it at that to let her focus on her efforts, but after just a few seconds, I heard Marla's trembling voice from the back once again.

"Umm... Chase..."

"Yeah Marla, what's up?" Chase briefly glanced at her from the rear view mirror and thankfully for her, quickly put his eyes back on the road.

"Is there any... uhh... Is there any chance we could stop by a gas station or something on the way..?"

I turned my head once again to look at her. She was no longer able to maintain that composure she did a while ago; the once barely noticable squirming of her legs now had amplified to a sitting pee dance; not stopping for even a moment, lest her exhausted sphincter muscles would threaten to completely give in. The same Marla who frequently averted her gaze out of shame and discomfort back then was now looking directly into my eyes, perhaps silently pleading that I understand the gravity of her situation and somehow do something before the inevitable happened.

"Whatsup Marla, you need somethin'? If you're feelin' dizzy, I got some water right here." Chase replied. "If you hydrate well, you'll feel better in the mornin' too, y'know."

Chase grabbed the half-full bottle of water from the cup holder and waved it towards Marla. The sudden sloshing sound certainly did not help her, as I saw her body jolt up in the corner of my eye and her right and darting towards her crotch—but I couldn't have seen if she actually grabbed herself without directly looking back.

"N-no, thank you, I just... I..."

Noticing—and also getting surprised by—how her shyness was still getting in the way of admitting her need despite almost on the verge of wetting herself, I stepped in once again.

"You know Chase, let's go find a gas station, I gotta pee real bad."

"C'mon man, we're almost at your place, can't you hold it for a bit more?" Chase protested. I looked back at Marla on the rear view mirror, and our eyes met once again. She must have figured out that I was trying to cover for her, and that I was asking Marla what Chase supposedly asked me—whether she could wait until we got to her house.

I didn't need a yes or no. Even though she still stayed silent, one glance at her made me realize she was on the verge of exploding. Keeping up an appearance was no longer the first priority; as no matter how embarrassing her frantic pee dance and tight crotch grabbing was, we both knew releasing two whole liters of beer worth of pee on the back of a new friend's car in front of two boys was much more embarrassing. And if she didn't want that to happen, she had to use every ounce of her strength available.

"I'm gonna pee myself if you don't find a gas station in the next ten minutes." I told Chase and did a fake pee dance in my seat. "And we could grab a few snacks too, what do you say?"

"Alright, alright..." Chase sighed. "But you're payin' for the snacks."

"Fine... If you can find one in ten minutes, I will."

"Hah, you're on," Chase replied, all amped up and completely oblivious to the real reason I was rushing him.

With that, Chase took a right turn away from the main road to the nearest gas station, while poor Marla kept up her fierce battle against the pressing call of nature.

It seemed bad.

Marla was moving around so frantically that you could feel the car shake when we stopped at red lights. Her shaky breathing and groans could be heard even among the noise of the car engines if you were listening for them. I was beginning to doubt she could wait another ten minutes, and by her panicked expression, I assumed so was she. Would she really not say anything even if she was truly at the end of her tether? Would her embarrassment over admitting her need (which both me and Chase would agree would be more than natural to have after all that beer) really overcome her extreme urge to pee?

Right as I was thinking that, Marla finally gave in.

"Umm... Chase... You need to pull over somewhere..."

Her voice was no less than absolutely frantic, almost to the point of begging.

"You 'kay Marla?" Chase asked, now noticing Marla's predicament after another glance at the rear view mirror. "We're almost there if—"

"Please... you HAVE TO pull over NOW..."

"Woah... Alright, alright, just give me two minutes to—"

"No... I can't... please..."

Almost on the verge of tears now, Marla unbuttoned her jeans with one hand, while the other stayed firmly glued to her crotch, pressing as hard as she could on her peehole.

"I think she's serious mate..." I warned Chase as poor Marla fought against the passing seconds.

Chase slowed the car down. To both me and Chase's surprise, without a care, Marla yanked down her already unbuttoned jeans down to her knees without even waiting for the car to stop, revealing her white and pink polka dot panties. Both her hands were tucked into the waistline of her panties; shaking, getting ready to pull them down as soon as she could. The moment the car stopped, Marla opened the door with one hand and frantically yanked down her panties with the other while taking a half-squatting position just outside the car.

Almost immediately, a thunderous splashing sound, not unlike the one from a garden hose plugged with a finger, echoed on the side of the road. I could have sworn the force from the torrent of pee Marla had been barely containing felt like it could put a dent on the road, while it splashed everywhere including Marla's exhausted bare legs, her jeans and panties, and some on the side of the car.

I wasn't looking directly at her, and neither was Chase (he was looking at me, rather dumbfounded), but I could see pretty much everything from the right side mirror. My sense of time has never been very accurate, but I could have sworn that forceful stream gushing out of Marla must have at least lasted a minute before slowing down; eventually turning into a steady stream, and then a trickle, before it finally stopped after what felt like an eternity, leaving an exhausted Marla gasping and sighing in immense relief, and me and Chase in awe.

Neither of us knew what to say as Marla took a deep breath of relief, then pulled her underwear and pants back up and got back in the car.

"Guys... I'm really sorry, I..." Marla mumbled, her face bright red from exhaution and embarrasment.

"Hey, don't worry 'bout it Marla. Stuff happens... right Ocean?" Chase replied, hinting at me to help him comfort her.

"Yeah, I mean... It's a normal bodily function after all, right?" I continued with a smile, trying to lighten the mood to the best of my abilities. "Could have happened to any of us."

"I... I thought I would be fine until I got home at least, but..." Marla seemed to have relaxed a little. I continued.

"No worries; if anything, it's our fault for not thinking it through and finding a place with a restroom nearby..."

"Yeah, sorry 'bout that..." Chase added.

We kept driving in silence, arriving in front of Marla's house.

"Ocean, Chase; thank you guys for... umm..." Marla's face blushed once again. "...for being cool about it..."

She gave us a final wave and headed towards her front door.

"Hey Marla," I called after her and put on a smile. She turned around.

"Same time next week..?"

Marla smiled back.

"Sure, but..."

"No worries," Chase answered and looked at me. I continued his sentence.

"We'll make sure there's a restroom nearby this time."

Marla smiled once again and nodded. We waited for her to enter her house and drove ourselves home, dreaming of a good night's sleep after such an eventful day.

The End

*004*2024-03-01 07:11

{{10 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Welcome back, my friend!

}}

Thank you!

*006*2024-03-01 07:14

{{8 hours ago, WiiGuy86 said:

Absolutely fantastic! Story content has been so slow on here sadly that this was wonderful to see, the best story I've read in ages!

}}

Thank you! For me it's more that lately the stories here stray further and further away from my (and I think most other people's) personal taste. Oh well, thankfully I am able to create my own haha

{{4 hours ago, dudebro00 said:

Excellent! I loved the growing desperation!

}}

Glad you liked it!

