A Gift from The Heavens

Author: venus

*000*2025-02-09 05:33

Maybe i'll write a part 2 if people enjoy this

"Fuck... Fuck... Not this again!" Jade thought. She was performing a precarious balancing act, where a small mistake could lead to untold disaster. She was in fact running through a hallway in her college, while at the same time trying not to piss in her tight jeans.

Her bladder wasn't exactly the biggest, and her love for nice, frigid water certainly did not help. She didn't remember just how much she drank, but judging by the sharp tingle in her abdomen, the amount was definitely excessive.

She kept on sprinting, every step felt like a gamble, and with how fast she was going she could have been a gambling addict.

"Is this hallway just fucking endless!? Where is the goddamn bathroom!" She exclaimed, in her head of course, didn't want to let people in on her miserable and quite embarrassing condition.

Then a feeling of warmness in her panties hit her, along with one of wetness. She wanted to check how bad the leak was, but there was no way to do so discreetly and there was no time to stop. She started running faster "A fucking leak? I am NOT doing this!" she said to herself, her discomfort growing and manifesting itself in her facial expression.

She ran around a corner and finally, there it was, the ladies' room. The relief she felt didn't last long though, for it was followed by a sting to her bladder. As some kind of sick joke, the human brain likes to increase one's need to piss the closer they are to a bathroom. No matter, she thought, she was so close, there was no possible way she wouldn't make it.

She stormed in the bathroom, but immediately stopped in her tracks. She felt like a 10 ton weight had just been dropped on her bladder, she was actually about to burst. "Okay, okay, this is fine- this fine. You can't lose this fight now, you're like, 3 meters away from a toilet? C'mon! Don't surrender just yet..." Her mind tried to console her, but it wasn't working too well.

She tightly gripped her crotch and squeezed her legs together. Another spurt escaped her bladder, more wetness and warmness ensued. The dampness lingered for longer, "Fuck me, this one is bad." She made a step forward, and another gush of piss escaped her and soaked her panties. She kept slowly and carefully making her way to the toilet, planning out each step. She managed to reach the stall, slammed open the door, and then another leak. The piss gushed out and contributed to wetting her already soaked panties, not only that, it made its way past them: a glistening wet patch quickly appeared on the crotch of her jeans.

She frantically tried to undo her belt, but to no avail, she could not concentrate at all, her bladder was a ticking time bomb and she was absolutely panicking. Another leak, she felt more wetness, the glistening on her jeans was renewed and the dark, moist patch expanded.

This was the end, she thought, even if she did manage to get her pants off her underwear was soaked and the stain on her jeans reached halfway through her thighs.

It was indeed the end. Her bladder could just not hold that much, it was against the laws of the universe. And so it happened, she lost control, she started pissing, a steady, strong stream. It filled her panties, then leaked through them. The patch on her jeans expanded at the speed of light, they were so wet so wet they turned shiny, like the hood of a recently washed car. A loud hissing sound filled the stall, then one of liquid splashing on the ground. The piss ran down her legs, some of it escaped the jeans by leaking through them, other streamed down until reaching her ankles and soaking her socks. As she realized it was pooling at her feet, she raised the seat and sat down.

The damage was done, no point in pulling her pants down, she just let it out, pissing her jeans while sitting on the toilet. And she was not done, her pants kept glistening and the hissing got louder. She was actively flooding her jeans, liking the intense relief that was dawning upon her. She sighed a little, feeling good. As the last few drops of pee seeped through and fell out, and the warmness she felt all over her legs started vanishing, being replaced by wet coldness, she realized what she had just done.

She, Jade, a 22 year old woman, a grown adult, had just pissed herself, and she almost enjoyed it. She got up to inspect the damage. There was a small puddle, she kind of felt bad for the janitors, but they had surely witnessed worse things.

Then she looked at her pants. They were still glistening, and very dark. It was hard to find a spot that wasn't wet, but at least her bladder didn't hurt anymore, she prayed she didn't just give herself a UTI. Now the worst part, she had to get out of that stall, and let the world see her piss soaked pants. "This is it, my social life is over, completely over, there is no salvation... there is no salvation... Or well, I mean come on, I have nice looks, right? And there are people who are into this kind of stuff- and I mean, I... ugh..."

She felt her face getting hot, her eyes watery, her teeth gritting, and so on and so forth. In a burst of confidence, she dashed out of the stall, and began running. And she certainly ran, and ran, and ran... She sprinted through the hallways, with a persistence that would put Forrest Gump to shame. She got out of the building, then out of the campus. She was focused on running, and imposed a sort of tunnel vision on herself, so she had no idea if people were looking at her. Either way, she took the first bus, which was luckily mostly empty.

She sat on a park bench, thinking about the events that had just transpired. Maybe it wasn't a good idea to sit in public with pissed in pants, but she was too exhausted from all the running to care. She then felt a sting in her bladder, she had to pee again.

"Why? Why does it have to be me? The girl who's always pissing herself, who can't hold it in who... ugh... Out of 8 billion people it had to be me, I just wish I could... I don't know, control it." She thought. A girl was jogging by: great, yet another person who saw her in her wet pants.

She felt another sting in her bladder. Enough was enough, her jeans were soaked anyways, no point trying to hold it. So she let it out, but it didn't come out "The fuck?" Then she heard liquid splashing on the concrete path. She raised her head, the girl in front of her was... pissing herself? "Huh? What?! I-" When Jade gave her bladder the signal to let loose, the jogger wet herself, and when she stopped, the jogger stopped too. Not only that, Jade wasn't pissing at all, but she felt her bladder emptying nonetheless.

Did she just get... bladder control superpowers? Bladderkynesis? She started focusing, she wanted to figure out whether she just got supernatural abilities or she was just going crazy. She thought about filling up her own bladder, she concentrated and she felt it. It was filling up. "This makes no fucking sense whatsoever." She said to herself. She then concentrated on something else, she wanted to transfer the contents of her bladder to the jogger, and so it happened, she felt her own bladder emptying up and... somehow she could feel the jogger's bladder filling up. "Oh god that's a weird feeling." It indeed was weird, somehow sensing something that is happening to someone else's body.

Jade got up and started walking away, feeling somewhat bad for the girl whom she just made piss her pants. "Well, I guess my bladder problems are solved, and the solution came free with serious doubts about existence and the laws of physics." she thought.

She was finally free, no more pissing herself, no more desperate runs for the bathroom, no more being made fun of. She didn't know who gave her these weird powers, or why, but she was going to make use of them. And she was going to start doing so immediately, after all, how could she figure out how to control them without actually utilizing them?

