August and the Mystery Pair of Glasses

Author: V.A.I.

*000*2023-11-05 21:04

Hi everyone! I've finally managed to gather up enough motivation to write again, and decided I'd do a little series. I got the main idea from a piece of artwork && by Aoi Kurage that I really like and tried to adapt it to my own style. The first chapter doesn't have a whole lot of action going on, but there will be plenty later on (If I can actually find the motivation to write the rest haha). But for now, enjoy and let me know what you think!

Chapter One

Hi, my name's August; a 20 year-old college student whose boring life has taken a turn with a strange device I recently got my hands on. Here's how it all began.

I normally don't wear glasses. My eyesight is, and has always been, absolutely perfect. Call it genetics, or believe the common myth about carrots improving eyesight or something else. But since about a week ago, I started wearing a pair of glasses. They're fairly generic looking; simple rectangular plastic frames, medium size, dark blue color. They don't alter my eyesight at all; their primary purpose seems to be to filter out harmful wavelengths of light from things like computer screens. However, they make you see everything in a very slight yellowish tone; since they're meant to filter out the blue light. Other than that, they look nothing special.

But they are.

Let's rewind the clocks by one week. I was sitting by myself having lunch on the school cafeteria as usual, when I saw a girl walk past me with quick steps, almost to the point of running. My attention inadvertently diverted towards her, as I noticed her walking with her thighs somewhat tightly pressed. She hastily walked towards the ladies' room on the other side of the cafeteria and stopped by the door. She did a small, barely noticeable bob up and down while she opened the door, and disappeared into the bathroom with the same urgency in her steps.

That little scene had piqued my interest quite a bit. So much so, in fact, that I must have zoned out for a moment, as I caught myself staring blankly after the girl for at least a few seconds.

"I saw that."

I suddenly snapped out of it when a different girl stopped by my table with those words, almost as if she had appeared from thin air. Her long hair inadvertently brushing up against my back was the first thing I had noticed. I turned my head to the side to take a better look.

In front of me stood a girl with a rather unique appearance. She seemed to be around my age, maybe plus or minus a year. Even with me sitting and her standing, she stood only slightly taller than me—though that could have been because she was somewhat leaning over towards me as well. She had on her face a smile that, if I'm being honest, looked a bit awkward—yet still quite sweet, actually. Her figure was very very skinny, and her skin looked pale, though combined with the contrast of her long, straight dark hair that was partially dyed a dark shade of purple towards the tips, suited her exceptionally well. She was dressed in a rather original way; a small, not overly pretentious black choker, a pair of small skull-shaped earrings, a silver chain belt around her waist that surrounded an above-the knee black skirt, black and purple thigh-highs, a tight-fitting purple top with some black on it, all complete with a black denim-ish jacket with the sleeves folded up.

"Can I sit here?" She asked while I wasn't quite yet finished looking at her outfit and started figuring out if I knew her from somewhere; maybe we had a class or two together?

"Uh... sure, go ahead." I replied. She walked around the table and sat across me, continuing to make eye contact for a few more seconds.

As I was about to say something along the lines of 'can I help you'?, she spoke first.

"I saw that."

"I'm sorry, do I know you?"

"Probably not, we've got a few classes together, but we've never met. I'm Mireille."

She extended her right hand forward for a handshake. Her wrist and fingers were as slim and delicate as the rest of her figure.

I was still confused by and very slightly annoyed at her directness, but hey, we could always use a little more social interaction, right? Why not.

"Nice to meet you, my name's August." I replied, shaking her hand.

"I saw how you looked at that girl."

The girl certainly did not waste any time, huh. My first reaction as a guy that was caught staring was, of course, to play dumb.

"Umm... what girl?"

Mireille stayed silent and kept making direct eye contact with the same sweet-awkward smile on her face, as if to say 'just admit it'. I'm generally a fairly forthcoming person when it comes to these things, so I didn't push much further.

"Okay, she was cute, I suppose," I replied. Technically, I wasn't lying.

"Excuse me, but why are you asking?" I added with slight annoyance in my voice.

"She went to the bathroom."

"Okay, and?"

"She seemed in a hurry, too."

"Yeah?"

"Bet she had to pee."

"I'm sorry, what are you getting at?"

"Could it maaaaybe be that that got your interest?"

Mireille leaned slightly more forward with each question, until her face was all the way to about halfway to the middle of the table. After each sentence, while waiting for my answer, that same sweet-awkward smile would be on her face. I did not answer the last one, as, frankly, I had absolutely no idea how to.

After what felt like an eternity of silent eye contact where I was still contemplating how to answer to any of that, or whether I should just call her a weirdo and leave, she spoke again.

"I'm going to give you something—a present, but you HAVE to promise you won't show it to anyone, or freak out, okay?"

At this point, I would take anything to change the subject.

"What is it?"

Mireille rummaged in her bag for a few seconds, before taking out a rectangular plastic box. She opened it and handed the contents to me.

It was a pair of ordinary-looking glasses—the ones I was describing before—with simple rectangle frames, slightly yellow-ish lenses, dark blue color. The only unusual things about them were two very small buttons on the right side of the pair, right behind the small screws that connected the lenses to the temple. At first glance, they looked like they were there for purely cosmetic purposes, however.

"Thanks, but I don't really wear glasses." I let out a small awkward laugh.

"Look towards the line at the cafeteria register. Put the glasses on. Try not to freak out. Act natural, okay?"

She seemed excited. I noticed as I hesitantly grabbed the glasses that the lenses of the pair she was wearing also had the same yellowish color as the ones she handed to me, only with a different frame—hers were larger, round and more feminine.

I looked at her with questioning eyes for a few seconds, and put the glasses on.

She was right. It took all my willpower simply not to gasp. I was not sure what I was seeing was some form of advanced science, or straight up magic, but it sure as hell wasn't normal.

The cafeteria line had a total of seven people. Four female, three male. The latter three looked completely normal; however, the four girls had something unusual appear on their lower abdomen.

I could see what I quickly identified to be their bladders through their clothes and skin—not as a perfectly anatomically correct X-ray, but more as a simplified version, while still staying relatively accurate, with the contents of the bladder also visible. Not only that, but also on the side of their body, there was a gauge that I quickly identified was showing the fullness level of their bladder, from zero to one hundred percent, and a number that showed how much liquid they were holding.

I kept looking around in awe with the glasses on, as all the girls I saw through the lenses had the same effect, with various levels of fullness. For most of them, the number on the meter was around ten to twenty percent, which I assumed must have been a fairly comfortable level. A pair of girls sitting two tables to the left of ours had forty and fifty percent on theirs, with both of them sitting with crossed legs. One girl in the cafeteria line even had eighty percent; she was standing in line with her hips occasionally swaying from side to side, but still sipping on the large plastic cup of coffee in her hand. Looking around, I noticed the door to the ladies' restroom open, and the girl that desperately dashed in there a few minutes ago came out, looking noticeably relieved. The glasses confirmed it, showing a nice and comfortable six percent.

I was way too into this. For a few minutes, I had even forgotten where I was, or where I had gotten the glasses from, or who was sitting across me. I just kept looking around, matching people's fullness levels with the subtle cues from their body language; a leg cross on a fifty-five percent girl sitting by herself a few tables away, another one in a group of five girls excusing herself to go to the toilet as her meter hit an uncomfortable sixty-five, yet another girl rushing through the crowd towards the ladies' room with small and urgent steps with an alarming ninety-one percent.

"Enjoying yourself?" Mireille once again snapped me out of it. "There's a few more things you might wanna know."

She reached her hand and pressed one of the buttons on the side of the glasses.

"That's the on/off button, useful if you need to lend the glasses to someone, or just take a break. Take a look again."

The bladder gauges had now completely disappeared.

"What about the other button?" I asked.

"Oh, that one's the gender filter; in case you wanna see guys too, or both at the same time."

"Sweet." I replied, getting ready to turn the glasses back on again. "But where did you get these? And more importantly, why are you giving them to me?"

"Good questions," Mireille thought for a second. "I guess you could call me some sort of an inventor... I made these glasses myself."

"How?"

"I'm afraid that's a secret for now," she smiled playfully and winked. "But I can tell you why."

"Go on," I was getting curious.

"These glasses... No matter what I do, they won't work on the user themselves," Her shoulders fell. "Try it. reverse the gender filter and look below at your own tummy."

I did, and indeed, they did not show anything. "So, if I understand correctly, you are looking for someone to use these glasses on you?"

"Precisely."

"But again, why?"

"That's a little more complicated and umm... slightly embarrassing..." Mireille averted her gaze, but was still smiling. "You see, I'm a girl with a small frame, and umm... I think it's best if you took a look yourself."

She stood up and pointed at the glasses I was wearing. I flipped the gender filter back to female and looked at her lower abdomen.

"It is... ninety-five percent and you're only holding three hundred and seventy milliliters?"

"This is fairly close to my maximum capacity and... as you can see..." She blushed as she quickly sat down and crossed her legs tightly. "I'm really struggling right now..."

"So you wanted to learn how much you could potentially hold?"

"Yes, but not only that..." Mireille shuffled in her seat, pausing for a moment to regain her composure. "...but I need your help to help me hold more."

"How?"

"In exchange for the ownership and free use of these glasses, I would like you to occasionally observe me as I hold my pee and record data such as my capacity and fullness, hopefully longer and longer every try. Think of it as training."

Mireille paused and glanced at the bathroom door. She bit her lower lip momentarily, before she smiled and continued. " What do you say?"

I still couldn't believe this whole exchange wasn't a weird dream, but hey, what did I have to lose? I'd get to use the glasses whenever I wanted to, and helping her sounded quite fun as well.

"Okay, I'll do it."

"Great," Mireille replied almost right away. She hastily handed me the plastic case for the glasses, along with a piece of paper, and slowly and steadily stood up. Her left hand instinctively darted towards her crotch for a split second, but she managed to stop it at her inner thigh, gripping tightly. A quick glance with the glasses showed her at ninety-eight percent, at about three hundred and ninety milliliters.

"Here's my phone number, we will have to discuss the details some other time, because really don't think I can hold it much longer..."

"I can see that," I replied with a chuckle. "Nice to meet you, Mireille."

Mireille could not answer, as she had already made her way towards the ladies' room—she could only smile at me for a second, before dashing towards the restroom door. Right before she entered, I could have sworn I saw the meter hit one hundred percent.

First thing I did after that, with a stupid smirk on my face, was pinch myself really hard a few times to make really sure this wasn't a dream, because it certainly still felt like one. I took a deep sigh, took the glasses off, and placed them in the case. That was enough fun for the day; there would be plenty more opportunities to use my new toy in the upcoming days...

End of Chapter One

*006*2023-11-06 04:25

{{4 hours ago, Blueyedhaw said:

Loved it, wondering if he will use it on any of his teachers

}}

Thank you! I haven't planned much far ahead yet, but considering I am also a big fan of teachers desperate (I have a couple stories already, feel free to check them out in my profile haha), I would say yeah probably at some point.

{{3 hours ago, Valentoon said:

Omg, I absolutely love the concept... I really hope to see more of this!!

}}

Thank you!

*009*2023-11-06 06:23

{{58 minutes ago, WiiGuy86 said:

This is fantastic and I can't wait to see where it goes!!

}}

Thank you so much!

{{55 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

I like this story also, but when will we hear more about ocean and his shenanigans with desperate teachers?

}}

Thank you! Not sure to be honest, I can say that I am not done with Ocean and his teachers, but can't really say when. For now though, I am planning to focus on August and his shenanigans, as I am having a blast writing about him. Stay tuned!

*012*2023-11-06 08:23

{{32 minutes ago, warham1995 said:

Also Mireille seems like an interesting person to hang out with in and out of college or before and after their respective classes.

}}

Oh she is, trust me 😉

*015*2023-11-07 20:00

{{26 minutes ago, Heloctre said:

I too had to pinch myself to make sure I wasn't dreaming! It was an incredible start!

}}

Thank you so much!

*019*2023-11-08 20:20

Thank you all for your comments! Here's chapter two—I hope you'll have as much enjoyment reading it as I did writing it. Enjoy!

Chapter Two

I was having a blast.

The next day after Mireille gave me the glasses was unreal. It began in the morning, when I left to go to an early class and ran into our downstairs neighbor's daughter in the elevator, a cute blonde-haired girl carrying a briefcase on one hand and a cup of coffee on the other, dressed in a dark blue business suit with a light blue blouse, with an alarming seventy-seven percent on her lower abdomen. She was tapping her feet as she impatiently waited for the elevator to reach the ground floor, and dashed towards her car in a hurry with a quick good morning, which I kindly returned—trying not to stare at her abdomen too much, but enough to take a glance at the six hundred and fifty one milliliters she was holding.

Must have skipped a much needed morning pee.

In the bus, on the way to school, two friends sitting next to each other with one enthusiastically telling the other a story, while the other is barely even listening, and just keeps nodding and staring at the bus door with tightly crossed legs, rocking back and forth. Eighty percent. Seven hundred and two milliliters. The other one sat at a fifteen percent, one hundred and seven milliliters.

On the way to class. The cleaning lady with a mop in her hand and a "cleaning in progress" sign in front of the bathroom door, pressing her thighs together and wincing each time she has to put the mop in the water bucket. Fifty nine percent. Four hundred and fourteen milliliters. Splash splash.

The list kept going on and on.

I wasn't even expecting to be able to focus on the class. All I could see in front of me was sloshing liquids inside bladders of various sizes and strengths; a three percent girl rushing late into the classroom having just relieved herself, apologizing to the teacher—always pee before an hour and a half long lecture. Various fifteen percents sitting comfortably in their chairs, a few forty to fifties who were just a tiny bit tense in their postures, two sixty plus girls sitting at the very front of the class, having clearly opted to skip a bathroom break to get the best seats, now presumably regretting it.

But the real star of the show was standing in front of the whole class, right behind the lectern, rummaging in her notes while sipping a cup of latte waiting for the class to settle.

Yes, the history teacher, Miss Amelia Lovelace. The only thing that could make a boring history class interesting. Not only through her enjoyable methods of teaching, but also her surprisingly nice personality that contrasted both the rest of the teachers in my college, and her overall appearance. When you first looked at Miss Lovelace, she was a vision of elegance and professionalism. Even from just a few steps, you could tell she carried her toned figure with grace. 

Today, that figure was dressed in a black blazer and a matching skirt that fell just above the knee, complemented with brown tights, comfortable but stylish black heels, and a pair of beautiful pearl earrings. She also wore a small silver wristwatch. Her hair was fashioned into a messy bun using a pen as a hairpin, giving her an effortlessly classy appeal. With a look on her face that may seem quite serious at first glance, combined with the way she dressed, she certainly could look like the type the students would be afraid to go near. But once you talked to her a few times, you would quickly figure out that was far from reality.

A glance was all I needed. At sixty-eight percent, she was holding an impressive six hundred and fifty five milliliters.

That was quite a number for a woman of her age, but going into an hour and a half lecture with a bladder full enough that it would definitely start to become a distraction, all the while mindlessly keeping on drinking?

Eh, I will assume she was used to it thanks to her years of teaching long lectures and with breaks few and far between. She was an adult woman after all, she would have just went before class if she really had to.

Normally, the history classes were two periods of fifty minutes each, with a ten minute break after each period. But Miss Lovelace usually preferred to combine both periods into a single hour and a half period, to let the students leave half an hour earlier than usual. This was agreed to by almost all the students, since that meant we would get a free half hour period before the next class starts. The students were free to leave and come back any time during the lecture—this was college after all, and Miss Lovelace was never bothered with it either. She herself wasn't prohibited from taking a break either, but I had never seen her do, as she likely believed it would disrupt the flow of the class.

Miss Lovelace greeted the class, and began the lecture without wasting much time. It was a fairly standard one, about the living standards of 18th century royal class. Grand castles and palaces, elaborate and finely crafted grandiose dresses of queens and princesses, wide variety of foods and drinks, servants, fine art, rare items, possessions, you name it. The subject and the way it was taught was actually quite interesting (and I had an exam to pass a few weeks later), so after the first few minutes, I decided to switch the glasses off and got lost in the lecture.

After quite some time, my ADHD brain was finally starting to lose its focus, and I found myself habitually checking my watch. Forty minutes gone already. At around the same time, Miss Lovelace stopped standing behind the lectern she was teaching from up until now, and continued while slowly pacing back and forth in front of the board, with her notes that she occasionally glanced at still in her hand. I couldn't help but notice she wasn't standing with her usual perfect posture that accentuated her figure, but was ever so slightly bent forward at the waist. Probably no one else noticed though.

All of that also subsequently reminded me about the glasses—which I had somehow managed to forget about among the lecture— and what I saw through them in the beginning of the lecture when I glanced at Miss Lovelace. It had been forty one whole minutes since then, and I couldn't wait to see what had become of that sixty-eight percent. I quickly put the glasses back on and pressed the button.

Miss Lovelace, who continued pacing back and forth in front of the whole class with a frequency increasing with each passing minute, was now at seventy-seven percent, slowly approaching quite dangerous levels of that red zone in the fullness meter, with a considerable seven hundred and thirty one milliliters inside her expanded bladder.

And the cup of coffee from the beginning of the class must have been quickly making its way down too; the rate of increase was noticeably faster than the average person, almost three to four milliliters per minute. Considering the average adult female bladder can hold anything between about 450 to 700 milliliters when comfortably full, it was no surprise that she was starting to show the first signs of discomfort. Still, I was amazed at her ability no not only keep her composure, but also keep teaching without any signs of distraction. However, she did decide it was enough coffee to load into her poor bladder for now—as she, after picking up the cup out of habit to take another sip, paused momentarily before throwing the rest in the bin.

First signs of obvious discomfort from Miss Lovelace appeared around a whopping hour and ten minutes after the class first began. In addition to her pacing getting faster and faster, she had to also stop every few steps, tightly—albeit still elegantly—cross one leg over the other and give her thighs a tight squeeze to regain composure, before getting back to pacing again. Apart from these sudden stops, she could not seem to be able to keep still anymore. Her ability to keep up the lecture was still very admirable, but the copious amounts of water and coffee she was holding was starting to be such a distraction that she was having trouble making sentences, and would sometimes pause for a second, trying to re-shift her focus to the notes in her hand.

This kept going for a while until there was only fifteen minutes remaining until the end of the class, and with her bladder reaching now an absolutely critical level of ninety-two percent, Miss Lovelace finally decided to call it.

"Alright everyone," she said to the class after an involuntary glance to the classroom door, with a noticeably shaky and worried voice uncharacteristic of a woman with her caliber of confidence. "That's it for today; you are free to leave after you write down the contents of the board. I will be here until the end of the period in case anyone has questions. See you next class."

Some students got up to leave immediately, but most of them stayed to write down the last bit of info on the board. Miss Lovelace hurriedly walked behind the lectern and put her notes down, presumably with the intent of hiding almost all of her lower body behind it, so that her extreme efforts of holding in the nine hundred and fifteen milliliters of pee were out of sight of the forty students in class. She stood behind the lectern, now almost doubled over with her elbows on the table, pretending to silently glance at her notes—but of course, no amount of pretending would escape the glasses. Looking closer I could see a single bead of sweat making her way down her brow—from her efforts to keep her sphincter muscles tightly shut. All of that in addition to the cup of coffee that now fully in effect, dripping more and more urine into her already max capacity bladder.

Her efforts of hiding her predicament were nothing less than formidable. Despite her increasing fullness, and I was sure a burning desire to reach down her skirt and firmly grab her crotch with both hands, she did no such thing. A woman of her status would never. All she did was constantly bob up and down with her thighs so tightly pressed together that they shivered in enormous effort. Though her body was mostly hidden from my line of sight, the glasses still showed the gauge and the number move up and down and to the sides along with her butt as she squirmed in place. She was extremely lucky no one got up to ask questions, because it was abundantly clear that the moment her attention diverted from keeping her peehole shut for just a second, all that pent up pee would burst its way out of her, flooding the classroom.

With only three minutes left until the end of the class, with the meter hitting ninety eight percent and the amount held was just over a liter, something interesting happened. The amount of urine held, instead of the usual steady increase, dropped by exactly twenty three milliliters. There was only one explanation for it.

Her poor tired sphincter muscles had relaxed for just a moment, leaking a small amount of the ocean inside her into her panties. Her body language also confirmed it, as she let out a small and barely audible gasp, with one of her hands on the table instinctively darting towards her crotch, putting pressure on her peehole over her skirt for a few seconds until she regained control.

That was it. She must have realized she could not possibly last the remaining three minutes without completely losing control. She quickly gathered up all her notes and turned to the class, still hiding behind the pedestal.

"Okay, that's it for today. Have a nice weekend, everyone."

She did her best to put on a warm smile, but could only keep it up for a fraction of a second before grabbing her bag and darting out of the classroom.

The other students packed up and started leaving too, and of course, I quickly packed up my own stuff and went after her, calmly walking a few meters behind. It was getting harder to keep up with her, since she was practically running towards the nearest staff restroom. It was truly unusual, seeing a woman who normally walked with the elegance and composure of a queen now frantically trying to make it to the bathroom before the nature's call became impossible to ignore.

At ninety nine percent, right on the brink, another, this time a noticeably larger leak happened on the way. This time, it was over fifty milliliters, almost a full second of peeing—I could have sworn I even saw a drop running down her thigh, but that could be my over-excitement taking over. She stopped abruptly and looked around, the situation now an absolute emergency. To her luck, she spotted a student bathroom down the hall just a few meters away, and immediately ran inside.

Sadly, at that point, the fun was over for me. The glasses required a direct line of sight, no matter how small, with the person to work. As she disappeared through the bathroom door, the gauge also disappeared with her.

She came out almost ten minutes later, back to her calm and composed manner. She fixed her skirt down one last time and started casually walking away as the rythmical clicking of her heels were back to their regular pace. The only other thing I was able to catch among the hustle and bustle of the students on the corridor was a long, deep sigh of relief.

I'm sure we both won't forget about today's class for a long time, Miss Lovelace.

As I was thinking along the lines of 'well, what now..?', Mireille called me on the phone.

"Having fun?" she asked implicitly.

How did she—anyway, probably a shot in the dark. I decided not to deny this time.

"Yeah, quite a bit actually. What's up?"

"My class just ended, heading home now."

"Cool... I've got a few more left..."

"Cool..."

She never struck me as the "awkward silence" type of person, but yet, here we were.

"Hey, are you free after literature class tomorrow..?" She spoke first, as usual.

"Yeah?"

"Umm... There was a reason I gave you the glasses in the first place, you know..."

"Ah, right. Okay, how do we umm... how do we do this?"

"We can go to mine tomorrow—roommate's away for two days, we won't be interrupted."

"Sounds good."

Another brief silence ensued.

"Well, see you then, August."

"Wait, Mireille, one more thing..."

"What is it?"

"You really should think about adding a see-through-walls setting to these glasses," I chuckled half-jokingly.

"No promises, but I'll see what I can do," she replied with a chuckle of her own. "Bye now."

I could tell over the phone she had that sweet-awkward smile in her face again as I hung up. I knew, because I had a silly one myself as I walked towards the next class, eagerly looking forward to whatever else fate might have in store for me.

End of Chapter Two

*021*2023-11-08 21:27

{{5 minutes ago, Ajeje said:

This is so good! Can't wait for the next chapter!

}}

Thank you!

*023*2023-11-09 04:19

{{6 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Would we see a desperate principal, secretary, or other students and teachers in this story, also can't wait to see what will happen with mireille and August's friendship and if it will evolve into something more romantic.

}}

Not sure; I'm probably going to take a break from the teacher stuff, I've done enough of that for now with this one and my previous works. But we'll see

*026*2023-11-09 14:46

{{1 hour ago, Heloctre said:

It was still a very good chapter, I really thought I was in this classroom.

Happy that Madame Lovelace was able to arrive on time even if her panties really should no longer be dry.

I can’t wait to read more, other girls desperate and of course the beginning of mireille training

}}

Thank you! She is probably happy she made it in time too haha

Also spoilers: Mireille's training most likely begins next chapter, I don't really want to lose the main storyline right from the beginning

