Beachside Bursting!

Author: veloxin

*000*2022-01-25 22:01

Warning: there is explicit nudity.

This story is actually a route of our first twine story! in the twine game, there are 5 endings, random chances for big and little accidents, and some character creation (swimsuit, name, pronouns). if youre interested in that you can download it here! https://mega.nz/file/AoU2iRiY#9VXfPbsPo05KJgvx1MSLlT0r0JKz5V7Z4uVPI2mObOE

(the password is my name, veloxin)

The characters age is whatever you want because it isnt mentioned, and you can make the character different in the twine game, but this version of the character is the "canon" one.

Also you can see my english is not so good... so thank my partner for the much better english! without her this story would be so stupid!

###

The warmth of the sun shining down on your glistening tan skin, the comfort of the warm ocean waves gently crashing on your legs, the sand on your feet, the happy smiles of your friends and family surrounding you… would all be a lot nicer if you weren’t so distracted.

“Hey Alea, are you feeling alright?” one of your friends asks.

“U-Uh… n-not really… I’m gonna rest a bit…”

“Okay. Do you need anything?”

“N-No, I’ll be fine…” you say with a shy wave as you turn to walk away.

You don’t want to let your friends find out… but you really need to pee. What kind of public beach has no toilets?! You don’t know what to do… but you’re on your way to where you set up the beach chairs, laying down will probably help.

You feel extra pressure on your bladder as you sit to lie down, making you notice that your bladder is more full than you thought… but the pressure is relieved when you lay down. Your swimsuit has never felt so tight before.

Maybe it wasn’t a good idea to wear your old school swimsuit… it’s going to be a challenge to pee with this… People can probably see the outline of your pussy, the stress made it swell a little… there’s no hiding it, especially if you have an accident…

You look around, hoping to see a bathroom magically appear… but unfortunately, nothing. Maybe there are some… empty bottles? You can’t believe you’re really thinking about peeing in a bottle, but… well, there are none anyway.

The beach is so crowded… so you can’t pee in the sand either…

What are you thinking?! Why would you even think of that?!

Maybe you should just take the long walk back to the car… there was some kind of food store over there, they probably have a toilet you can use…

As if on cue, you feel your groin start tingling as you think about that. On second thought, you don’t think you would make it all that way…

Your bladder is full… you really wish there was a toilet nearby.

Suddenly you felt a tap on your shoulder, which startled you so much that you yelped and almost leaked.

“You alright?” says a girl’s voice.

Before you respond, she walks around into your view and waves happily. “Hi! What’s your name?”

“Uhh… i-it’s Alea… y-yes, I’m fine…” She’s cute… she looks your age, but a bit smaller than you…

“Then why are you holding your crotch so tightly, Alea?” she asks you with a big smug grin.

You jerk your hands away from there and blush. “U-Um…” You can’t get any words out after that, especially after you notice her staring right at your crotch, still grinning. Suddenly you feel naked under her firey eyes… what if she sees the outline of your slit? You wish you were wearing a less tight swimsuit…

“Looking for the toilet?” she asks.

You nod silently.

"Want to hear a secret?"

You hear a quiet hiss… oh my god, is she…?

“You’re already in the toilet!” she whispers, her eyes lowered, seemingly enjoying herself.

She’s really wetting herself right in front of you, in front of everyone! What is she thinking?! Is this really okay with her?! Does… anyone else care?

You look around frantically, worried that someone might be looking and judging you because of this girl wetting herself next to you, and… several people are looking… and they don’t care? Is this… okay? Is this normal here?

You can’t help but look at the girl… watching her pee streaming down her light brown skin… listening to the trickling… noticing the small spot on her crotch that’s wet and shiny, unlike the rest of her dark blue one piece swimsuit.

Suddenly she pulls the crotch of her swimsuit aside while she’s still peeing, flashing her smooth pussy at you and causing her pee stream to splash loudly against the sand, getting her feet wet… you blush brightly and cover your eyes.

“Ehehe… caught you staring!” she says in a singsong voice. “Don’t be embarrassed, everyone does this here!” She slowly sways her hips a little bit, spreading her stream of pee around the sand, digging a little moat with it… sometimes she ends up peeing directly on her own feet, but… she wiggles her toes in it, seemingly enjoying it.

She lets go of her swimsuit crotch and lets it snap back onto her, still peeing, splashing her legs more. “But me flashing you can be our little secret!” she whispers.

A little bit of her pee splashed onto your thigh at the same time, making you jump and grab your crotch again. You let out a little whimper on accident.

She looks at you with concern. “Shy girl, huh? Maybe you’re new here?”

You just whine and nod.

“Well, I promise it’ll be okay if you just let it out, okay?” she says caringly. “Nobody will mind.”

You shake your head silently.

“In that case…” she steps closer to you and kneels, still peeing herself… then she points to your right. “If you can make it all the way over there, those rocks are a good hiding place. You can pee there without anybody seeing you.”

Finally, after more than a whole minute, she finally finishes peeing with a shudder. You can tell she was really enjoying it, but she cared more about you and held it back. Seeing her big brown eyes looking at you so genuinely… it makes your heart skip a beat.

“T-Thank you…”

She shows you a bright, warm smile. “Do your best! If we see each other again, let’s be friends!”

Before you can find get any words out, she ran away…

Well… it seems like you have two options… pee in public, or pee in public behind a rock… Aaagh!! No!! You hate this so much… why can’t there just be toilets?!

Your bladder is so full that it’s causing you some real discomfort… you really want some relief…

Ah! Noo… you just lost control for a second and let out a big spurt in your swimsuit… You feel your pee spreading through the crotch of your swimsuit, soaking your pussy in wet warmth… people probably noticed… you almost feel like crying…

You take a deep breath and let out a long sigh… maybe you’re going to need to get over it and do it… just this once! Maybe… but you hate the thought so much…

Alright… you’re just gonna have to go… right here… oh god…

You look down beside you at the sand covered in the cute girl’s pee… she looked like she felt so good…

But there’s so many people… You close your eyes and think about what the girl said to you, letting it repeat in your head over and over again… “Everyone does it!”

“Nobody will mind.”

“It’ll be okay.”

She was so confident that it was okay that she even flashed you… you still can’t believe that happened… showing you her smooth pussy while she peed… hearing the splashing… Gah, why are you thinking about that now?!

You open your eyes and look around again, and… not far from you, you can see a woman and her kids all peeing together, right there in front of everyone… and nobody is reacting. It looks like the girl wasn’t lying to you…

Alright… okay… you can do this! You’re gonna pee on the beach, and it’s going to be okay… probably… but your heart is beating out of your chest… Aagh, you feel like screaming and running away in embarrassment!

You sit up and turn, gently putting your feet onto the warm sand on the dry side of your chair… take a deep breath… and stand up.

Ah! Not again! You feel another big spurt of pee shoot into your swimsuit against your will, soaking your crotch even more and dribbling down your left leg… it’s so warm, and it takes some of the pain away, making you wish you could just let it all out, but… but you stop it. You aren’t ready yet!

Your bladder is so full now that it isn’t just uncomfortable, but it’s visibly bulging too, and the pressure is making your pussy feel hot and tingly… you’re desperate for release…

A-Actually, let's go to the rocks instead!

Every second counts now… it’s really hard to walk like this, but you start walking… it’s even harder since you stopped holding your crotch too, but… you don’t want people to see you like that, so you have to deal with it…

Looking ahead towards the pile of rocks, it feels like it’s forever away… you don’t know if you’re going to make it…

Every step you take sends a shock up your legs and into your bladder… every step comes with a tingling burst of pressure… every step makes you feel like a little pee is squirting out, but somehow, you’re still holding it in…

The warm sand on your feet feels nice so you try to focus on that as you keep slowly walking to the rocks… but some of this sand is wet, and you can’t tell if it’s water or your own pee… this isn’t helping!

A-Ah! Oh no! A really big stream just bursted out… there's no stopping it now!

Hnnnn-!! It’s too soon!!

* Hisssss… *

Before you could make it to the rocks to hide, your bladder has given out and your pee begins explosively shooting out of you, splashing all over, streaming hard down both of your legs…

You only manage to take another few steps forward while peeing before your knees give out too and you fall into the sand.

“A-Ahhhaa- ahhnnnn~!!” You moan loudly a couple of times, unable to stop yourself due to the overwhelming feeling of your desperate bladder finally releasing itself.

Your one-piece swimsuit is thick enough that your pee can’t shoot straight through it, so it’s forced to splash out of the sides of the crotch, soaking your legs and creating two separate wild streams. Not all of it comes straight out though, and you feel some of your pee spreading up through your swimsuit, covering your belly… You instinctively grab your crotch to try and stop the flow, but as your hand touches your wetness, you feel a shockwave of… pleasure? You didn’t know peeing could make you this sensitive down there… Every time something rubs your clit, even a tiny bit, you shudder…

This feeling is like nothing you’ve ever imagined… You find yourself panting and shivering as you uncontrollably pee yourself… Are you… enjoying this…?

It doesn’t take long for any hint of pleasure to disappear as you remember where you are. You look around and immediately get a sinking feeling… You have an audience… and they’re all staring very closely at you, and blushing… and you aren’t even halfway finished…

You feel a huge hot flash of embarrassment wash over you, it feels like you’re on fire… You desperately wish you were anywhere but here right now. Tears start rolling down your cheeks…

One of your friends came to check up on you. “Alea! What’s up wi- ah- u- oh…” he says, starting to blush as he notices that you’re peeing yourself. You wanted to hide before you peed to avoid exactly this situation. You look at him with your teary eyes, sniffling, wishing you were dead.

“H-Hey, don’t cry… please? I’m sorry…” he says, looking away from you.

He notices the crows of people staring at you… then he starts telling them to leave you alone and go away. Trying hard not to sob, you struggle to speak. “T-Th-… Thanks…” Your friend silently scratches the back of his head in response.

You move your hands to your side and look down again as you continue peeing. It’s still so loud and intense… the hissing, the splashing, the sound of your pee hitting the sand… You know your friend can hear all of it, but… he’s trying so hard to ignore it. You appreciate that, and it helps you avoid crying… but it’s still super embarrassing.

After the longest 20 seconds of your life, your hard stream of pee finally slows down to a trickle, the last warm dribbles of it making their way down your legs as you shudder. Finally, your bladder is relieved… empty. You can’t believe that for a second you thought you were enjoying this… you feel so gross, so ashamed…

“Hey… you wanna come swim with us some more?” your friend says.

After a little hesitation, he look at you once again. You look up at him with your eyes still rolling with tears.

He gets closer to you and extends his hand. “Let’s go, it’ll be fun!”

You look at his hand, then at yours… it’s covered with pee, and he must know that, but… he’s still…

“Come on, you think that would bother me?” he says with a smile. “Once we get in the water it’ll all wash off anyway.”

You hesitate for a while, but he waits patiently… finally, you show him a shy, thankful smile, and take his hand, ready to forget this ever happened.

*003*2022-01-28 10:44

{{19 minutes ago, ultimatedorkboy said:

Just copy and paste the link. It should work.

%https://mega.nz/file/AoU2iRiY#9VXfPbsPo05KJgvx1MSLlT0r0JKz5V7Z4uVPI2mObOE

}}

I dont know how that happened, im sorry! i cant find an edit button so thank you for posting the working link!

