Breaking the Iron Bladder

Author: Vaporbender

*000*2011-03-31 23:25

This is my first omorashi writing, I hope you all enjoy it!

Ashley was known for two things amongst her friends. Having an iron bladder and constantly bragging about it. Three of her friends, Alexandra, Marie and Claire however, intended to put an end to this. They were going to do what they thought impossible, break the iron bladder.

Ashley was walking to Clarie's house, wearing a orange t-shirt and a short, tight black skirt,"Hmm, I wonder why my friends invited me over for a drinking contest? They know they'll lose *snort*!" As she entered Claire's house, the aroma of various drinks faintly hit her nose. She scanned over each of them. Alex was wearing a short, tight, red dress with matching stockings, Marie had her favorite tight jeans, striking blue button up blouse tucked in. Claire, as usual, was dressed preppy with brown short shorts, a brown sweater vest and matching long socks. "Glad you could make it.", Alex said. "You know I could never back down to a drinking contest!", Ashley said. "Bad news guys, the toilet's decommissioned!", Marie said. "It must have been from that burrito dinner your family had a few days back, Claire".

"I'm still going out full force, nothing's going to stop me and my indomitable bladder!", Ashley responded.

And so the four drank and drank. Alex loaded up on tea, Ashley on milk, Marie on orange juice and Claire on water. Ashley got so frenzied in her attempts to best her friends that she started drinking directly out of the carton. She must have drank nearly twice as much as her friends, as the sloshing of milk in her belly echoed across the house.

"And now comes the pee holding contest!", Marie giggled. "I know what you guys are up to, but it won't work! You all know that my bladder is strongest!", Ashley said. "I guess we'll figure out now then.", Claire said.

Each tick and tock of the clock seemed like an eternity. After about an hour of doing little to nothing, the urge hit Ashley first. The extreme tightness of her skirt only intensified the urge. About 20 minutes later, she noticed her friends wiggling around. She thought to herself "Once I win, I'll use this day as a reminder to all who would challenge me!"

Another hour went by. By now, all four of the girls were squirming, groaning, muttering about how much they had to go. The mesmerizing ticks and tocks had lulled them all to sleep, except Ashley of course. Holding both hands, she began trying to think dry. A desert, arid and lifeless, was stuck in her head. Her friends were muttering about toilets and urine in their fitful sleep, causing an oasis to appear in her desert fantasy. Now shaking, her will had nearly snapped. She was starting to head to the bathroom when she caught a glimpse of all the emptied milk cartons she consumed earlier. Now fearful, she began to tread lightly. "Good, I can sneak in while they're asleep and they won't even notice!" Her master plan made her giddy, and she made the fatal mistake of stepping on a lump in the carpet. The lump felt soft, almost as if it could be a stuffed toy or doll. Moments later, a soul-shattering shriek punctured the iron bladder.

Ashley began screaming as her slim legs became drenched in urine. This woke up her friends, who all shouted "HAH!!".

"We knew we could break the iron bladder!", they said. "Yes," Ashley said, smirking, "but at what cost?" Alex, Marie and Claire were too drowsy from their nap, they couldn't hold it in any longer. Stockings, pants and socks were all colored yellow now. "Well... this'll sure give us a good laugh, years down the road.", Claire said as she began trotting to her room to get new clothes on.

*002*2011-04-02 02:24

{{:

Aw, this is cute. Please do more! :D

}}

That's the plan.

*005*2011-04-04 19:13

{{:

Its good! Perhaps a continuation is needed?

}}

I wasn't going to continue it (this was going to be a standalone story0, but I'll definitely take that into consideration.

...The more I think about it, the more of a good idea I think that is.

