A haunted mess

Author: Vangarde

*000*2016-12-29 13:24

Len and Rin Kagamine were taking a trip to the new amusement park that had just opened up a week earlier. They were both super excited, as it had been as while since they had done anything fun together recently. Both of them has been busy with concerts, and singing new singles that were going to be released. But finally, they had found one day where they were both free. And as Rin said, what better way than to spend it at an amusement park?

"Ah it's hot!" Len yelled.

"Do you have to yell?" Rin asked, narrowing her eyes.

"Well yeah." Len replied. "It's so hot and I've had three drinks already."

Rin's eyes widened. "Three drinks already?"

"Isn't that a bit unwise, Len?" Rin asked.

"How so?" Len asked.

"Well drinks cost quite a fair bit of money..." Rin replied.

"Oh no need to worry! I don't squander my money like a child!" Len replied.

"If you say so..." Rin replied, unassured.

"Len!" Rin tugged on his arm. "I wanna go on in the haunted house! Apparently it's the longest and scariest one that's ever been built! People have even gotten lost in there."

"Ha!" Len scoffed. "I never get scared!"

"We'll see about that!" Rin exclaimed.

The haunted house was unsurprisingly dark, and Rin and Len got through 5 minutes of it without much trouble. They were able to point out all the cheap tricks that the organisation had used to scare people. However, a few minutes later, Len started to feel a slight pain in his bladder. It didn't feel too bad so at first he just ignored it and enjoyed the haunted house with Rin. However, in a space of time he didn't know was two minutes, or ten, he started to get really desperate. As they walked on, the pain got increasingly worse, and Len was worried he was going to lose control any second. He was reluctant to grab himself with Rin right next to him but eventually decided that it was too dark and she wouldn't be able to see.

"Um Rin...?" Len called.

"Yeah Len..?" Rin asked.

"How much of the haunted house have we seen?" Len asked, his voice wavering a bit.

"I don't think we've even hit halfway yet." Rin replied. "Why? Are you scared?"

"Absolutely not!" Len stammered.

Rin looked in his direction curiously. "Alright then."

Len could feel his three drinks sloshing around in his bladder for every step he took. It ached to walk, but he knew if he stopped, he would never make it out of the haunted house.

"URRGH!" he thought. "Why did I drink so much? Curse this hot weather for making me drink all do that."

When he thought Rin wasn't paying attention, his hand snaked down to his crotch, and squeezed it a little. He gave a sigh of relief, but the relief was short lived because as soon as he let go, his bladder started to hurt more than ever. This caused him to have one hand permanently on his crotch to ease the pain. Unfortunately, he eventually became so desperate that even squeezing his crotch did anything to relieve him.

"Oh!" he thought, with a pained expression. "oh I can't..."

With nothing to ease the ache, Len started to panic, and grabbed his crotch with two hands. Even without easing the pain, he figured he could prevent anything from leaking out.

"Halfway!" Rin yelled out, excitedly, looking at the sign that marked the point.

Since the sign was illuminated, Len was forced to take both hands off his crotch, so that Rin wouldn't see. His bladder hurt so much that he couldn't even feel happy for Rin.

"Uh that's great, Rin." he forced a smile at her.

She frowned. "Is something wrong?"

"N-no" Len stuttered.

Rin noticed that Len was fidgeting an awful lot, and when she realised why, her lips formed a mischievous smile. "OHH! I get it!" she exclaimed. "you need to pee!"

Len blushed. "N-no I-"

"Yes you do!" Rin insisted, and took two steps towards him.

Len took two steps back. "Please Rin. Not here, please."

She gave an apologetic look, and placed her hands gently on his bladder, which made him squeak slightly.

Rin grinned, and pressed a little bit harder, and Len's voice increased into a whine, and his hands grabbed his crotch, which Rin had to admit it was cute.

Len started to panic as a spurt of urine escaped from his crotch, and it took him all his strength to stem the flow.

Rin took her hands off, took his hands instead. "Come on, Len, let's finish this."

"Rin..." he whined gently, but she patted his back lovingly. "Come one Len. You can get through this."

Len grimaced. "How long until we get through this?"

Rin considered it for a moment. "One hour."

Len started to squirm, not knowing if he'd even make it out without drenching himself in his own piss.

A monster's face suddenly popped out from behind the wall. Len screamed. And the shock made his bladder weak. A spurt escaped from his crotch, and this time, it was even harder to stem the flow. Len grabbed himself and softly massaged his crotch, willing it to stop. Len cursed himself from being frightened from such a simple thing because if he hadn't needed to go to the toilet that badly then he probably wouldn't have been scared by it. Rin turned around when she heard him scream and softly squeezed his hand.

"Rin." he whispered, almost pleading. "I need..."

"I know." she said gently, stroking his back. "You need the bathroom."

Len wanted to cry. "I c-can't..."

"We're nearly there, Len, alright? You're doing a good job. Just take it easy..."

"No Rin!" he burst out, close to tears, "I really can't."

"You can't do it here, Len" she said softly. "You know that."

"I have to, Rin. I can't hold it."

She quieted him by putting a finger on his lips. "Shh. We'll make it out of here, alright? Just a little more."

"Sorry Len."

"Huh?"

Len wasn't paying much attention. All he was doing was trying to keep himself dry, and it was a battle he was losing, little by little.

Since the halfway mark, he'd been unable to stop himself from spurting. So far, he'd been able to keep his shorts relatively dry but each spurt was getting longer, and even harder to control. And every time, he would stop, and try to stem the flow, while Rin went over to him and comforted him.

"Len, I don't know where we are." Rin admitted, going over to him and giving his hand a gentle squeeze.

"B-but Rin..." Len's eyes started to water. He really couldn't hold himself anymore, and he was starting to get less certain that he would make it out dry. His bladder hurt immensely, almost as if someone had shot him in the stomach. He held the end of his crotch tight, holding back the storm that he felt inside him.

"You have to try, Len." Rin insisted.

"I am trying!" he protested, but another spurt made his way out of his crotch, and he grabbed himself, using all his energy to make it stop.

"Len, let it go." Rin said suddenly.

"Huh?"

"You've basically been wetting yourself this whole way so just calm down, relax and let it go."

Len blushed at the thought.

"We won't be getting out of here any time soon. If you wet yourself now, then it'll basically be dry by the time we get out."

"Rin, I can't..."

"Suit yourself."

Len walked along with both hands on his crotch, a few paces behind Rin. He wanted to cry. Never had he felt so embarrassed, or with a need to go to the toilet so badly before. He had to make it out of there and find a toilet, so that he could finally relieve himself. As another spurt made its way out of his crotch, he stopped and kicked himself for the hundredth time for drinking so much. This spurt seemed to be much longer than the other ones, and Len whined as he tried his best to stop it, and finally he did. By now, his boxers were completely soaked, and there was a small wet patch on his shorts.

Thankfully, they were still in the darkness of the haunted house so it wasn't as if anyone would notice. Len's eyes lit up when he saw light. Rin looked back at him with a smile and they realised they had finally reached the end. Ignoring the remainder of the "attractions" in the haunted house, Len burst into a sprint which hurt his bladder. His relief was short lived when he smacked into Rin, and fell on top of her. The impact from the fall let out the storm inside him. Urine gushed out from his crotch, and despite grabbing himself he could do nothing to stop it. His held in pee just kept on coming out. Just metres away from the entrance, Len had lost control, right on top of Rin! While it was a relief to finally let go, his cheeks burned, as Rin squirmed under him, obviously not enjoying being soaked by Len's pee.

"Len, stop it!" she squealed as she pushed him off.

He fell on his bottom, and still continued to pee, but this time, all over the haunted house floor.

He simply couldn't stop it no matter what he did. The more he tried to hold it back in, the faster it came out, and the more difficult it became to control. After what seemed like hours for both Len and Rin, Len's pee finally trickled down to a dribble and then stopped.

Rin glared at him, and then smirked and then started laughing. "BWAHAHAHA. I didn't think you'd actually wet yourself!"

Len blushed, and glared and Rin.

Her face softened as she held out her hand to him. "You didn't really see the haunted house properly did you?"

He shook his head in response.

"Well we can't go out looking like this... So let's go look through it again properly! And by that time, our clothing will have dried!"

Len nodded shyly. "Thanks Rin."

Rin grinned back in the darkness. "No problem."

None of the vocaloids said anything when the two of them arrived back home smelling like pee.

The End.

