Della Duck's Lunar Mishap

Author: ValTheDraggo

*000*2019-08-09 07:54

Della Duck was stuck on the moon, as she had been for nearly 10 years now. She was working on repairing her rocket, as she had been doing for a while.

"Alright. I'm getting there." She said through a sigh as she wiped her forehead. "Atleast that creature hasn't come yet. I cant risk losing this much progress."

She would continue working on the rocket until she felt a familiar feeling. There was water on the rocket, and she had drank a few bottles to keep herself hydrated enough to work on the rocket. But of course, that decision would come back to bite her as she now had to pee.

"Hm... I'll hold it, and only go when I really need to." She said, going back to welding. She had been using said strategy for a while and without fault. This was to give herself as much time as possible repairing the rocket.

Panel after panel she would weld and rivet as her need to pee grew greater and greater. Soon, she decided to ahead and go find somewhere to relieve herself, but whether moment, the moon-mite emerged from.the ground.

"Oh no you dont!" She said, getting into a combat stance, as the mite rushed at the rocket. She tried to attack it, but missed and, it grabbed a piece of the rocket and ripped it off, much to Della's horror.

"No!! You give that back you meddling mite!!" She lunged at the mite, but it dodged her and began to run off with the piece, prompting Della to chase after it. She ran and ran, not letting the moon-mite out of her sight. But, of course another thing on her mind was her growing need to pee. She could feel the waves beginning to slosh around as her bladder slowly grew more and more full. She used this as motivation to run faster, getting even closer to the moon-mite.

It went into a cave on the moon and Della had to follow if she wanted that piece back. Through the caves they both went, as she caught up to it before she felt some of her urine leak into her clothing. She skidded to a halt and gripped her crotch desperately.

"Oh come on... You can hold it, Della..." She said, talking to herself. "Just get that piece back, and then find someplace to go. You held it before in the waterfall caves, you can hold it here." The leak stopped fairly quickly, and she resumed chasing. She once again caught up to the moon-mite, and was nearly able to grab the metal it had stolen. But, her bladder, being not too strong and very full, just refused to let her hold it. She froze up, forcefully pressing her hands against her crotch, in a futile attempt to stop her urine from flowing.

"N-no! D-don't lose control now!" She said in anguish as her pee soaked through her panties and into her aviator pants. A dark spot formed on her pants, and soon began to trail down her legs, forming a yellowish puddle beneath her. She fell to her knees as her urine kept flowing. About a minute and a half later, her stream slowed to a stop. She just stayed there, in total disbelief that she had wet herself. The moon-mite had gotten away, and she just looked at her wet pants.

"...You win this time moon-mite.." She sighed, getting up and walking away back to her rocket in defeat, and in wet clothing.

*002*2019-08-09 21:32

{{1 hour ago, irvinegamer said:

Wow, glad to see I'm not alone on DuckTales as an omo-fan.

Have you seen the 1987 version?

}}

I have seen a few episodes. Not all of them though. But I'm glad you liked my little story

*004*2019-08-09 23:51

{{1 hour ago, irvinegamer said:

My pleasure

I've only seen the first 9 episodes of the 2017 series of DuckTales.

But I've seen ALL of the 1987 series plus movie, as well as all of Darkwing Duck.

It's not often we get an omorashi fanfic or fan art based on some Disney characters, especially anthropomorphic characters.

Here's some fanfics I made (they're all male, incase you prefer female)

%https://archiveofourown.org/users/irvinegamer

}}

You certainly are a much bigger fan than I am lol. And I like the scrooge mcduck story. Really good ^_^

*006*2019-08-10 19:02

{{20 minutes ago, irvinegamer said:

Glad you like the 'Desperate McDuck'.

I've been thinking about making a Darkwing Duck omo-fanfic too. But there's multiple types of ideas to think of.

But whatever is involved, the Liquidator wouldn't make things any better for Darkwing's bladder.

}}

I'm probably gonna dive into a few other franchises to give omorashi stories of characters that I think need more of said stories. And ill be sure to check out your darkwing duck story ^_^

