Miss Loiseau and the broken bird

Author: Valandrea

*000*2025-03-26 13:16

Hello everyone ! Here's a story I've been writing for quite a while now and just finished. It was supposed to be a short story but I got caught up in the story and finally fell in love with my characters so I continued it. It's a translation of a story in french (since I'm french, I first wrote it in french obviously !), so be indulgent about the language, pleaaase.

I hope you'll enjoy the story. There's approximately 4 or 5 chapters left, so tell me in a review if you want me to continue to translate it for you.

Chapter One : A cry for help

"- Hello ?

- Hello ? Miss Loiseau ?

- Who is this ?

- Miss Loiseau, it’s Timothée. Timothée Boison. Listen, I know I shouldn’t call you on your phone. Especially at this hour. But I didn’t know who else to call, and you gave me your number.

- What’s going on, Timothée ? It’s the middle of the night.

- I don’t know what to do… My father wanted to drink tonight, and he drank. A lot. When he finally agreed to go home, he got mad. He didn’t want me to come home and he left me on the side of the road. He left me there after he hit me. It’s been hours now and he still hasn’t come back to get me. I don’t know where I am and I can’t move my leg. I think it’s broken.

- Where are you ?

- I’m in your town. I saw you in the street one day, after one of my football practice. I don’t know anyone else in the area.

- Can you see the street name where you are right now ?

- I’m on Peach street, in front of a post station.

- Wait for me, don’t move. I’m here in ten minutes."

Pauline had not expected such a phone call from a student. Especially not from Timothée. Timothée was a discreet student, almost mistrustful, with a habit of being impulsive. It was her third year as his teacher, first as an English literature in high school and now as a philosophy teacher in college. From their first meeting, she tried to understand that angry young man. She saw him arrived in class with several traces of injuries, multiple times. He never explained those. But no one worried : Timothée was known for his regular fights in front of the school. Pauline did get alarmed. A few weeks after their first class together, and after a second black eye, she decided to give him her phone number, just in case. He never used it these last three years. Until that night. She thought the boy had thrown her number away. But after almost three years, he finally reached out.

She genuinely tried to help him over the years but she always believed that Timothée would never turn to her. She had tried to be gentle, then direct and even silent. The boy never let his guard down. Irremediably, he would told her « My life doesn’t concern you. » He even managed to vex her one day when he told her that she should build her own life rather than meddling in her students’ business. She had to admit that it worked for a time. That’s why she would never have expected a help me call at 2:30 in the morning from Timothée.

When she threw on her jeans and sweater from the day before, Pauline thought about her options. Call the police ? She didn’t have any trust in the police… Social services ? Timothée was legally adult now… Taking him home ? Wasn’t it a big mistake to let a student come into her personal life ? Timothée was forcing her to cross some lines she had fixed for herself for years : separating private life from her professional life.

She finally left her house to her car. Driving through the sleeping city, she saw all around her multiple dangers, dangers she had not perceived before. Groups of drunken men, threatening shadows, lost animals looking wild… All that surrounding that felt insignificant before became suddenly frightening. How could a father leave his kid in such a hostile place ?

When she turned on Peach street, she rapidly noticed a dark form against the wall. It was Timothée, her college student. Or at least what was left of him. He didn’t look quite scary at that moment. He wouldn’t even frighten a fly.

When she parked her car in front of him, she repressed a movement of disgust. The raw light of the street lamp above him gave a terrible preview of the violence the teenager had to face earlier : his brow bone was bleeding all over his face, his knee was turned in an ugly angle and one of his hand was a combination of blue and violet.

But what was even more worrying was the distinct wet patch on his trousers. Around his crotch to the middle of his thighs, his jeans were darkened. There was no mystery there : the young man had peed his jeans.

With his valid hand, his was trying to hide that humiliating accident and Miss Loiseau immediately avoided looking there. She faced her reddening student and focused on getting him into the car.

The trip to the hospital was almost silent. Pauline was trying in vain to question Timothée about what happened with his father but the boy faced the window, looking at the streets go by. She had resigned for a few minutes to stay silent herself when he finally spoke.

« I will repay you for that, Miss Loiseau. »

« The only thing that matter right now is you being healed. » she replied as she parked in front of the hospital.

When she left the car to support her student to the entrance, she noticed how light was Timothée. He sometimes had the appearance of a teenager with this thin body. His dark look only let people know the childhood years were definitely behind him.

In the hospital, he was taken care of quickly. Before leaving the waiting room to the examination room, Timothée waved at his teacher.

« It’s gonna be fine now. Thanks for the ride. » he said before turning his back on her.

Pauline didn’t move from her seat. She couldn’t let her student alone in the night with no one else but her to call. If she was the only one he could think of to rescue him, that meant Timothée was alone… As she looked at the young man going away, she couldn’t help but look at his wet jeans. His bottom was completely wet. Was he really capable of taking care of himself ? She decided he couldn’t and waited.

After an hour of waiting, a doctor went to her, looking serious.

« Good evening, Miss. You brought Timothée with you, didn’t you ? » she said with a severe look.

« Yes, I’m Miss Loiseau. »

« He is in bad shape. Physically, he has a broken knee and a broken ankle. He will be fine but it will take a while : he can’t walk by himself for a month. Psychologically, on the other hand… He is severely damaged. » she explained. « I would like to know how you could have let him feel so alone. » she spat angrily.

« I’m not family. I’m just his teacher. » Pauline said apologetically.

« Oh. » she said, surprised. « I apologize for my tone then. I thought you were a sister or a girlfriend. »

« He called me to get him after a fight. I don’t really know him actually. He’s a very discreet young man. »

« Yes, I noticed… He’s not really a chatting boy. When I asked who was going to look after him during his convalescence, he did not answer. He didn’t want us to call his dad. Do you know why ? »

« Given that his dad is responsible for his injuries, I hardly imagine the man taking care of his son. » she said, bitter.

« I see. » the doctor said, sounding sad. « Listen, I won’t beat around the bush, that kid worries me. A lot. He clearly needs to be taken care of, full time. Otherwise, I won’t be surprised to see him back here in an even worse shape, and by his own fault. I don’t want to sound too alarmist, but I see kids like him everyday. He is in a fragile mental state. » she said, while sitting next to Pauline.

« What do you suggest ? »

« Unfortunately, Timothée is an adult in the eyes of the law so he won’t be a priority for social services… They would send him back to his father. Nevertheless, he’s nineteen so he doesn’t have the obligation to live with his family. But, amongst other signs, the accident he had in his pants while being beaten by his father is a clear call for help. He needs the support of a stable person in whom he trusts. I don’t know Timothée’s relations but if he reached out to you, it means that he trusts you. Think about it. But whatever you decide, you need to find a solution for tonight. Unfortunately, we don’t have enough beds to keep him in the hospital. » she said.

Pauline shook her head, acknowledging what she had heard.

« He should be out in a minute. » the doctor said while getting up. « Luckily, you where here tonight, Miss Loiseau. I’m sure Timothée is deeply grateful. » she said before turning her back on her.

Pauline felt stunned. She had thought about welcoming Timothée for the night. But welcoming him for an undetermined time, no. That meant her personal life would be completely changed. He was not even a child ! How could she handle a young adult in her life ? She got lost in her own thoughts until a wheel chair was brought to her. Timothée looked so vulnerable in his multiple casts. Maybe he was still a bit of a child, after all.

Supported by a crutch and a nurse, Timothée seemed embarrassed when he stood up to face his teacher. He let the doctor give him her last instructions with a very maternal tone. Pauline could only imagine the irritation of Timothée.

« I’m counting on you, Timothée. You need to rest to be able to heal. And let Miss Loiseau take care of you. You need to be taken care of. » she insisted. « Here is the prescription for the medicines. I took the liberty to make a copy for you. And here are his soiled clothes. » she added to Pauline as she handed a plastic bag and a piece of paper. « Goodbye Timothée. Take care of you. Goodbye, Miss Loiseau. »

« Don’t worry, I won’t bother you any longer. I’ll call a friend to get me. » he said with shifty eyes.

« If you wanted to call a friend, you should have done it earlier. You called me in the middle of the night to help you so I will help you. You’ll sleep in my guest room tonight. It’s non negotiable. » said Pauline with more authority than intended.

« You can’t make me. » rumbled the young man.

« You want to try me ? You’re not really scary with your casts all over your body… » she said, smiling.

« I will leave early in the morning. » said the boy firmly.

« You will sleep as long as you need, and then we will discuss. » said Pauline. « Let’s go now. »

Pauline turned her back at her student and was going through the front door when she realized she was alone. She turned and noticed that Timothée hadn’t moved at all.

« Timothée, don’t make me drag you to the car… » she scolded as if he was a child.

Several faces turned to them. Timothée felt his cheeks reddening instantly.

« I can’t walk by myself. » he admitted with shame. Leaning with his valid arm on the crutch, he only managed to make a ridicule little jump.

« Of course. » she said before going back to her student. « Lean on me. »

Timothée put his injured arm around his teacher’s shoulders, his face burning with humiliation. Pauline put her arm around the boy’s waist and held him tightly against her. She felt her own cheeks reddening. She had never been this close to a student. Especially an adult one.

They went to the car with prudent steps. Timothée couldn’t help but moan with pain at every step.

« We’re almost there. Hang in there. » Pauline encouraged.

When they finally got in the car, Timothée had to live yet another terrible humiliation : Miss Loiseau fastened his seat belt as if he was a child.

Shifting his eyes, Timothée looked everywhere but towards his teacher. After only a dozen of minutes, Miss Loiseau turned on a flowery street. Small colored cottages followed each other gracefully. Timothée was far away from his usual environment. He lived in one of the cemented towers near the college.

« You live here ? » Timothée asked as Miss Loiseau parked in front of the number 22.

« Yes. This is the house with the green curtains. » she said while pointing the house in front of them. « It was my father’s house. »

The climbing of the few stairs before reaching the front door was painful. But when he finally got inside, Timothy suddenly felt at ease. The smell of amber and toast made him feel comfortable. The white walls were covered with frames representing pictures and texts. On the coat rack, Timothée noticed a jacket he had already seen on Miss Loiseau. In front of him, he saw a stair case and a corridor leading to what looked like a large room overlooking a small garden. On his right, an opened door let him see a colorful kitchen.

« I will give you the grand tour tomorrow, if you don’t mind. I’ll take you to your room. » said Pauline while taking a look at the stairs. Timothée let her drag him through the stairs, too tired and emotional to try and restrain the tears that were growing in his throat. But that was only when he penetrated the guest room, that was his for the night, that he felt his tears roll on his cheeks.

The room was large enough to welcome a double bed with bars. A red blanket and a yellow quilt were lying, soft and mellow, inviting to rest. Facing the bed was a large bookshelf and in front of the window was a little wooden desk. Through the window, he could see flowers in the garden.

Never in his life, Timothée had the chance to rest in such a welcoming bedroom. It was beautiful, warm and soft. Without even noticing it himself, he leaned a little bit more on his teacher. He felt suddenly overwhelmed by his emotions. Perhaps it was the contrast between the hardness of his dad and the softness that offered Miss Loiseau that made him feel so vulnerable.

Before he even realized it, Miss Loiseau was chasing a tear on his cheek. He immediately stepped back, almost falling on the ground.

« I don’t know what’s happening to me. This is stupid. » he apologized while wiping his face with his sleeve.

« It’s far from stupid, Timothée. » said Pauline in a smile. « You have the right to cry. Tonight was intense. » she added.

« It’s over, let’s move on. » he ordered as if he felt threatened by his own feelings.

Pauline lead the young man to the bed and helped him sit.

« Here’s your room, then. If you want to read, feel free to take any books from the bookshelf. My bedroom is right next to yours and the bathroom is at the end of the corridor. I’ll get you some clothes to sleep, I’ll be back. » she said before leaving the room.

« I got you a t-shirt and some sport’s shorts. I hope it’s okay ? » she said while putting the clothes on the bed, next to him.

Timothée took a look and the clothes and shook his head.

« Do you need help to change or to get into bed ? » she asked, slightly embarrassed.

« No. » replied Timothée sharply.

« Do you need a glass of water or anything ? »

« I just need to sleep. » he said.

« Okay, then. Goodnight, Timothée. Don’t hesitate to call if you need anything. » she said before leaving the room and closing the door behind her.

Timothée was stunned. Did Miss Loiseau really offer to help him change his clothes ? Was he really sleeping in her house while she was sleeping in the room next to him ?

Why did he had to call her ? During almost three years now she looked at him askance, as if she knew he was always on the edge of exploding. She was the only one who ever made him feel like he was an open book. Why the hell did he call her, then ?

He had to leave this house, quickly as possible. He couldn’t continue to humiliate himself like that. Unfortunately, he couldn’t leave alone in his state… He had to wait until morning.

He then got into a fight with his t-shirt but managed to take it off only after long and painful contortions. His wrist was sore. When he was finally shirtless, he felt exhausted. He had to take a few breathes before pulling down his pants. He had to pull down one side after the other during several minutes before getting them down his bottom. He tried to take it of by pulling it from his feet but as soon as he extended his arm to his right foot, he fell off the bed in a thunderous noise. A painful scream got out of his lips. He just hit his leg’s cast against the bed. Closing his eyes to restrain himself from crying, he didn’t notice Miss Loiseau getting in the room.

« What happened ? » she asked, worried. But with a glance at the young man’s state, she quickly understood the situation. His pants on his knees, in his underwear, Pauline realized that the boy couldn’t undress himself. He looked so childish at that moment.

Timothée was bitting his lips trying not to scream again.

« That’s enough. I don’t care about your pride, young man. I will help you get in your pyjamas, put you to bed and you will sleep. » she ordered, worried about the pain distorting Timothée’s face. « Lean on me. » she said. He didn’t have enough strength to resist, so he put his arm around his teacher’s shoulder’s without resistance.

When she put the boy on his bed, Pauline noticed that he avoided her eyes. She just pulled his pants as delicately as she could. She then faced a very disturbing image. She realized that she found Timothée handsome - incredibly handsome. That thin and muscular naked body offered to him inspired her some desire. She tried not to dwell on the young man’s underwear and took rapidly the pair of shorts laying on the bed. Kneeling in front of him, she managed to put the piece of clothing around his ankles, then his knees. 

When she reached his thighs, she asked Timothée to sit up. The young man leaned on her shoulder and stood up. Still kneeled in front of him, Pauline couldn’t see her student’s face but his trembling hand let her know that he felt as nervous as her. But only when she pulled up the shorts on his underwear she understood that this tension was sexual. When her hands brushed against his underpants, she noticed the bulged getting harder. Quickly she hid that erection with the large shorts. Taking a breath, she sit her student on the bed, got up and managed to hide her own confusion, pretending not noticing the boy’s aroused state.

« Good. Raise your arms now, please. » she ordered, ignoring his red cheeks. She finally put her the t-shirt and helped the boy lay on the bed. She pulled the covers over him and couldn’t help but notice his eyes getting wet. She decided to ignore it, not willing to underline the humiliating aspect of getting dressed by his teacher.

« Call me before hurting yourself, next time. Goodnight, Timothée. » she said before going through the door. Before she turned the light off, she heard a distinct « Thank you » coming from the bed.

Alone in their rooms, they both were equally disturbed. One because she couldn’t refrained a forbidden desire for her student. The other because he had to let himself be humiliated like a child even though he couldn’t hide his erection.

On these impure thoughts, they fell asleep, exhausted et ashamed.

A few hours later, Timothée woke up with a start, an ungovernable need to pee was dominating him. He never had had such a need to pee before. Perhaps the pain killers were not helping his capacity of control as he woke up in a state of emergency. He looked for his crutch and got on his feet. He tried to be as discrete as ever as he made his way to the door, limping. This trip, ridiculously short, took him ten minutes. He needed to squeeze his penis but he couldn’t hold himself and hold his crutch at the same time… He had felt a few drops leaking into his briefs but he had no other choice than to walk on. 

Restraining a moan, he kept limping to the end of the corridor. After a few minutes of pure torture, he managed to get to the bathroom door. He stopped and leaned on the door, letting himself squeeze his crotch while letting out a breathe of relief. He noticed then that he had wet more than he had expected. The front of his underwear was damped and his bottom started to get wet. Luckily, Miss Loiseau’s shorts weren’t wet yet. He couldn’t pee his pants, that was just impossible !

Releasing his grip on his penis, he took his crutch back, determined to finish in the toilets what he had already started in his briefs. But as soon as he released his crotch, he felt a succession of spurts soiling his underwear. He couldn’t refrain a cuss to cross his lips as he opened the door and tried to undo the nod on the top of the shorts. Meanwhile, a stream of pee ran along his left leg. A new cuss crossed his lips, louder this time. He couldn’t hold his pee ! Managing to pull down the shorts, he believed he was safe. But then a new succession of spurts made him drop his crutch with a noisy crash. Tackling his casted arm against the wall and his valid hand against his penis, he tried to stop the flow. Squeezing and squeezing his crotch, he finally made it stop. When he thought he had gained enough control over his body to let go of his crotch and pull down his wet briefs, the sudden arrival of his teacher made him startle.

« Timothée ? » asked Pauline, incredulous. Was she seeing right ? Is her student was peeing in his pants in her bathroom ?

« Fuck ! » cried Timothée, tears of shame rolling down his cheeks. It was too late, he couldn’t let go of his penis now. A new long spurt made the patch of pee grow on his bum.

« Let me help you. » said Pauline, calmly.

« It’s too late. I can’t hold it anymore. I’m pissing myself. » articulated Timothée through his raging tears.

As she was looking at her student fighting in vain against the inevitable, Miss Loiseau turned the young man to her and made him sit on the toilet. Timothée, still squeezing his crotch badly took an incredulous glance at her.

« Give me your hand. » she said gently while kneeling in front of him and leaning an open hand to him.

« But… » he began, confused.

« Give me your hand. » she repeated, a confiant smile on her face. Timothée didn’t understand his own move but he plunged his hand on hers. « Now, let go. You can pee, you no longer risk anything. »

The young man was clinging on her confident gaze, and without realizing it, he let go in his briefs. For several seconds, they only heard the flowing sound of Timothée’s pee. Even though the sound stopped, Timothée couldn’t detached his eyes from Miss Loiseau’s. Open-mouthed, he couldn’t believe what had just happened. He was there, sitting on the toilets, holding his teacher’s hand and he just peed his underwear while looking directly into her eyes.

