Girls' Night

Author: Vorashi

*000*2021-05-16 03:13

A commission from an anonymous user about a couple characters from The Proud Family. Thank you very much!

“Come on Trudy, how long has it been since we've had a girls' night,” Sunset Boulevardez say with a note of pleading in her voice. “Our men are going to see a boxing match, the girls are going to a sleepover at their friends' house, and I'm sure your Suga Mama can look after BeBe and CeCe.”

Trudy Proud wiped away a drop of sweat that was making its way down her face. She and Sunset, her old friend and new neighbour, had gone to the local gym together. Or rather, Sunset had goaded her into it with a couple snide barbs directed her way and the promise that she'd get a deal by being referred by her. To her credit, Sunset was right about the gym making her feel a great deal better.

“I don't know Sunset, to dump them on Suga Mama at the last minute...It seems just a little irresponsible.”

Sunset rolled her eyes at Trudy's protest, and the pace on her treadmill slowed as it came to an end of its program.

“Please, the woman lives in your house without paying for a thing. I think the least she could do is watch the kids once in a while.”

So it was that Trudy found herself standing outside Sunset's house later that day. In a fit of nostalgia she had found herself digging through old college things before she went over to her neighbour's house. She's found a pair of purple athletic shorts that, barely, still fit and a matching t-shirt. There were a lot of...pleasant memories attached to them and Sunset so she figured why not wear them for the special occasion.

It seemed that Sunset had been hit by the same nostalgia bug, she answered the short ring of the doorbell in a pair of neon lime green shorts and a matching midriff shirt. Probably the same ones that Trudy had been thinking of when she'd grabbed her own clothes. However, Trudy doubted that she'd been thinking of the same memories when picking it out.

“Well stranger, are you going to stand in the door all day,” Sunset asked in a playful tone. Trudy giggled and stepped inside, hanging her purse up on the coat rack by the door.

“Just waiting for an engraved invitation Suns, you know how I am.” Sunset giggled at the bit of banter and gestured for Trudy to follow. She took them through the house and into her husband's frankly massive home theater. She wasn't supposed to go in, but dismissed Trudy's question with a simple “I won't tell if you don't.”

She'd clearly been busy preparing, there was already popcorn on a couple seats and large sodas resting in the cup holders. On the screen was the disc menu for some romance movie that Trudy didn't recognize, but Sunset assured her when asked that it was a real tearjerker. So they sat next to each other and started the movie.

It started drawing Trudy in immediately, a story of seemingly unrequited love between a girl and her best friend. The writing was such that not even a quarter of the way in and she was getting sympathetic pangs every other scene. Judging by the way Sunset's gaze was glued to the screen it had her heartstrings as well.

Trudy found herself distracted by looking at her old friend. They had been...close in college and after graduating had gone their separate ways and to separate lives until they just happened to begin living next door to one another. Trudy's feelings had always been complex around then, but she tried to keep things light and friendly no matter how she felt. She felt her face grow flushed and took a long, deep drink from her soda to try and cool her stray thoughts as she stared at her frankly beautiful friend.

As if mirroring her, Sunset also drank deep and as though she could feel it turned and looked at Trudy. They both stared into the others eyes as the movie played. Neither knew how the other was feeling, but both hoped it was the same. Then as if a switch had been flipped, they turned their attention back to the movie, faces flushed deeper than before.

The movie carried on, both women got married to other men and stopped talking for years. Trudy and Sunset stole glances at each other as they continued to drink their sodas. They leaned closer to one another as well, sharing just a bit of contact at their shoulders. As they continued to drain their drinks at a worrying pace, Trudy was the first to buckle and offer a weak smile to Sunset.

“I should probably use the washroom, starting to feel it a bit you know?” Her tone was non-committal though, and Sunset put a hand on her forearm.

“Oh come on, there's some good stuff coming up. You can hold it.” There was no compromise in her voice, like there had been in Trudy's. So Trudy nodded and sat back down.

It was feeling a lot like being back in college again, just the two of them, watching movies and drinking until they were desperate to pee. Then...Trudy flushes as the memories come rushing back like the cascade of pop making its way to her bladder. Only part of that is because of the thoughts though, as the apparent romance drama has turned into a fairly raunchy sex scene between the two female leads.

Again Trudy and Sunset share a look, and again they turn away and continue drinking. Both had moved their hands though til they were touching, Sunset's grasping Trudy's. Trudy's heart was pounding at the affectionate show coupled with the erotic scene on the home theater. She could feel Sunset's body heating as well as they continued to hold hands in the relative darkness. The scene grew more explicit and they drew closer together, entwining their arms.

Next though it's Sunset that tries to break whatever spell they had fallen under.

“I've really got to go, soda goes straight through me just like it used to!” Her voice was shaky and it was clear that this was no playful banter. Sunset had started fidgeting in her chair and in the dim light of the sapphic sex scene Trudy could she her thighs rubbing together, and just barely hear the smooth sound of the fabric rubbing. But she was having none of it and tightened her grip on Sunset's arm.

“Ah ah ah, you're not sneaking off after keeping me here earlier.” Trudy was only half joking, she didn't want Sunset to go and kill whatever strange mood brought them together tonight. Sunset blushed deeply and stood up with Trudy still holding onto her arm.

“Trudy come on, I've really got to go.” Her pleading was genuine and for a moment, Trudy almost let her go. But something about tonight had brought her right back to the confused feelings and experimentation of college with Sunset and instead she pulls her neighbour onto her lap.

Sunset doesn't resist, partially out of shock that Trudy was apparently feeling the same way she had been all day. But just the same, any sort of movement put painful pressure on her bladder and soft as Trudy's lap was the impact certainly didn't help things.

“You know Suns,” Trudy says in a mocking tone while her finger traces a line down Sunset's back. “I think you wore that outfit on purpose. You remember what happened last time you did?”

Sunset bit her lip and nodded, she had been thinking about it all night. She turned in Trudy's lap til she was straddling her gorgeous neighbour and leaned in closer. Their faces hovered inches apart, both flushed with arousal and not a little bit of embarrassment at what they knew would be coming next.

Trudy again made her move first, pushing into a kiss with Sunset as she ran a hand down her belly. The midriff shirt allowed her to feel her neighbour's bulging bladder, she knew Sunset had always been quick to fill up. She pressed a finger on the taught bit of skin and Sunset groaned in pleasure, and not a little bit of pain.

An unmistakable hiss, just a second long but loud enough to be heard over the moaning women on the screen, came from Sunset's shorts. Trudy felt a touch of warmth as her friend's pee soaked into her waistband.

Just like that, the Sunset's floodgates broke and a torrent of hot piss washed out and into her shorts. It poured over Trudy's lap and soaked the hem of her shirt. That was the last straw for Trudy and she began soaking what little Sunset hadn't with her own pee. Their shorts darkened to deeper greens and purples as their tongues danced in each others mouths.

The heat from the pee, the built up feelings from watching the sex scene, and finally the kinky acts they were performing overwhelmed Trudy first. Without even a touch, her pussy began to convulse and she let out a low moan into Sunset's mouth as she came even as her piss slowed to a trickle.

She lowered a hand to Sunset's still peeing pussy and rubbed it through her sodden shorts. It hardly took thirty seconds before Sunset was convulsing in the throes of her own orgasm, grinding herself against Trudy's torso and soaking most of her shirt. Both women clutched each other, panting as the last twitches of their pussies and trickles of pee subsided.

When they recovered, they stared into each other's eyes for a moment before breaking into a fit of giggling.

“Girls night, huh,” Trudy said with a sultry grin.

“Girls night,” Sunset agreed and gave her newfound lover a kiss.

One again, thank you to the commissioner!

