August and the Mystery Pair of Glasses - Page 2

Author: V.A.I.

*030*2023-11-14 18:02

Thank you all for the replies! Here is chapter three; Mireille's first experience. As a disclaimer for the upcoming chapters, and as you may be able to tell form the ending, the next chapter and the subsequent ones may or may not include some amount of nudity and sex with omo elements still present (though there is none in this chapter). I know that's not everyone's cup of tea, but I am having a lot of fun with where the plot is going so far, so hopefully you guys will still find enjoyment out of it. That's for later though, so for now, as always, enjoy!

Chapter Three

I'd had trouble sleeping last night. I was thinking.

Yesterday's first real showcase of the glasses' true potential had raised more questions than it answered. First of all, how exactly did these glasses work? Was it science? Or perhaps some kind of magic? How was it possible that it could gather up such precise information just from direct line of sight? Exactly how precise was it in the first place? How could it transfer that information to me? Why couldn't the user themselves see their own capacity?

And Mireille... was a whole mystery of her own. Who was she? And how could she put together such seemingly advanced technology? How did she find me? Why did she choose me? Why choose anyone in the first place; couldn't she have just used a computer instead?

With the sea of questions delaying my usual bedtime, I was feeling a little groggy and had decided not to use the glasses this morning—I just wasn't feeling it. I was late to class too; not by a lot, but enough to be greeted by relatively vacant and silent corridors.

Well, apart from one special person.

As I climbed up the stairs and turned right towards the classroom, I saw Mireille standing next to the door and looking at her phone with a pair of headphones on, listening to music.

Seeing Mireille for the first time after our initial encounter at the cafeteria felt a little awkward. I didn't really know what to say—I mean, what could you say to a strange girl that appears out of nowhere, gives you these magical pair of glasses and then asks you to help her?

"Hey Mireille," I guessed I couldn't go wrong with a simple 'hi' as I waved my hand to get her attention. "What are you doing here?"

"Oh, hi August," She removed one of her headphones and replied. "We have class here, remember?"

"Mireille... the class started twelve minutes ago."

I double checked my watch to confirm.

"I know," That smile again. "I thought I would wait for you."

"But why? You'll miss the lecture." Also, how did you know I was going to be late?

"Eh, I'm more of a science gal anyway," she replied.

"Fair enough," I shrugged. "I'm still gonna join though, are you coming?

"Yeah."

We took our seats and settled down.

"You're not wearing them," Mireille pointed at my eyes.

"It's way too early in the morning for it," I replied with a yawn. "But you're wearing yours."

"They're off," she pointed at the button on the side. "Unlike you, I actually do need glasses to see."

"Fair enough."

The lecture was going relatively normal, but with me having the attention span of a fruit fly, I couldn't help but occasionally glance around, mostly at Mireille. The outfit she wore today was pretty close to the one she wore before; an above-the-knee purple denim skirt and a pair of black thigh-highs encasing her slender legs, with a silver chain gracefully hanging from her proportionally slim waist. Above it, she had on an oversized black and white t-shirt with a logo of an obscure metal band on it—one unrecognizable even to me as a long time metal fan—and her wrists were adorned with various braided bracelets that looked handmade; in colors ranging from black to rainbow.

She also had several black and generally floral-themed tattoos on both her arms, which must have been hidden beneath her jacket last time. Her long black and purple hair wasn't tied, and instead cascaded all the way down to her elbows, covering part of the right side of her face. A beautiful black pair of earrings shaped like a cross hung from her ears.

She seemed to be unaware, but I must have been glancing at her for at least thirty seconds. When I snapped out of it, I realised something I should have probably already realised by now; that I found Mireille undeniably cute. That, paired with the fact that she was a total mystery that I was dying to solve, had me drawn into her even more.

When the ten minute break time between the two periods finally came, I felt a cup of coffee to awaken myself would be a good idea. I asked Mireille if she'd like a cup, and she nodded while still looking at her phone. What was she even doing on there?

After a quick detour to the gents' and a trip to the vending machine, I came back with two cups of coffee in my hand and sat down.

"Here you go," I gave one of the cups to Mireille. "I didn't know how you liked it, so I got it plain black."

"It's fine," she replied as she put her phone away. "I probably should not drink it all anyway."

"You don't do well with caffeine?" I asked out of curiosity. "Makes my heart race if I have too much of it, too."

"It's not that..." Mireille's pale cheeks blushed. "It's just..."

I had understood what she meant before she even said it, but she still got closer to me and whispered.

"I maaaay or may not have gotten too preoccupied with my phone and kinda forgot to go to the bathroom during the break..." She chuckled nervously and crossed one leg over the other, shifting her butt back slightly on the seat. Since I had gotten used to constantly wearing and having the glasses switched on since yesterday, my eyes habitually darted towards her lower abdomen to see it for myself, which made me realise I wasn't even wearing them at the moment—and I decided that putting them on right after she mentioned her need would have been a little awkward.

"Ah, I see..." I replied, trying not to make a big deal of it. "Do you think you're gonna be fine?"

"I'll be fine, let's just focus on class—besides, I can just go if I really have to," she reassured me. I decided to let go of it for now.

I was dying to put the glasses on and take a look at Mireille, but weirdly enough, I felt like I needed her permission to use them on her—which was ironic, considering the main purpose of the glasses was to be used on her specifically. I did not do so for the rest of the period, but I still could not stop myself from glancing at her to see how she was doing.

Surprisingly, apart from her tightly double-crossed legs and a barely noticeable but constant shuffle in her seat, she did not seem all that troubled by it.

But by the half an hour mark of the second period, she suddenly whispered to me.

"August, I'll be... I'll be right back..."

Honestly, she had done better than I expected. I watched as she ran off to a much needed ladies' room trip.

The rest of the class went pretty boring and uneventful. After the class, Mireille asked me to wait for her as she needed the bathroom once again, which she told me was a precaution since we were going to be taking the bus. But that might have been a lie and her bladder might have just filled back up that fast; it was hard to tell without the help of my precious pair of glasses.

Speaking of, while waiting for Mireille outside the ladies' room, I decided it was time to put them on again and just observe people for a while. Most girls I could see were either zero to five percents just coming out of the restroom, or fourty to sixty percents walking in to relieve themselves. I did, however, see two girls, a blonde and a brunette, walk in with bladders seventy one and eighty percent full respectively—and when they came out, the brunette with the eighty percent was down to a standard four, but the seventy percent blonde was still full, now at seventy two percent. As they were walking away, I could have sworn I heard the brunette playfully say to the blonde something along the lines of "Good girl, no potty until I allow you to".

Of course my eyes and ears had perked up at the scenario (and as fate would have it, I would end up seeing them again on a different day, but that's a story for another time), but shortly after, Mireille came out of the bathroom with a one percent on her bladder, just under fourty milliliters. I wasn't sure if Mireille had seen the two other girls; as I did not know which gender filter she was using the glasses on. If I had to guess though, I would say she would have it set to all.

"Sorry for the wait," she started with a smile.

"No worries," I replied. "So... What now..?"

"We can go to my place," she started walking while gesturing me to do the same. "But we should stop by the store and get something to drink first."

"Good idea. Though you should probably avoid any more caffeine, seems like it goes right through you," I added with a playful chuckle.

"I already know that," she chuckled and playfully hit my arm, her cheeks flushing again. "That's why we're doing what we're about to do."

We took the bus to in front of a nice four-story apartment. After stopping by the store to grab a few bottles of ice tea for the occasion, we entered Mireille's flat.

The design of her room was unsurprisingly dominated by her love of the colour purple. The room was mainly being lit by the LED lights with various hues on her desk; giving the room a cute vibe. Her bed, pillow and bedsheets were all purple, with plushies of various sizes, shapes and colours scattered on the bed. Posters and artwork of several metal bands adorned the walls—some of which I recognized and subsequently realized me and Mireille had quite similar music tastes. Other than these, it was a fairly ordinary room for a college girl.

"Have a seat," Mireille gestured me towards the only chair in the room in front of her desk. "I'll bring us something to drink."

"Thanks," I sat down. She came back with three cans of ice tea and a half liter bottle of water. She opened and handed one of the cans to me, sat on the bed and started sipping her drink.

"Before we start, are you sure you don't want to pee one last time?" I asked her, not knowing whether to expect a yes or no. "You are already at seventeen percent."

"Eh, I just sat down and I don't feel like getting up yet, I'll pass." She replied as she took her second sip. "Now, what I'd like you to do is note down the percentage and the volume I'm holding every fifteen minutes until I... well..."

"Until you can't hold it anymore?"

"Yeah, I suppose..."

"And what will happen then?"

We had a problem. I was getting rather excited, more than I expected I would. I was getting excited, and implicitly asking things that should not have been asked to a girl you'd met two days ago. Thankfully, Mireille wasn't weirded out.

"I have an idea..." Mireille responded with excitement. "When we're done, I'll go in a measuring cup, so we can also match the volume data from the glasses with the real amount to test its accuracy, too... I already have a cup in the bathroom, so I'll go use it when the time comes."

"Sounds good to me."

For some reason, my overly excited brain had imagined she would be peeing in front of me, but I quickly shut that thought down, as that would undoubtedly be going too far.

"May I suggest something, Mireille?"

"Of course, what is it?" Mireille replied after a big sip from her ice tea. She must have been just about done with the half liter bottle already.

"Since what we're doing here serves as a form of 'training', you should set a goal for yourself—you know, to motivate you."

Mireille thought for a moment.

"That's actually a great idea," she replied excitedly. "Hmm, I wonder how long I should aim for..."

"I should be deciding that, shouldn't I?" I suggested her, with the slightest of smirks I couldn't manage to hide. "After all, it's not fair if you set the goal yourself, right?"

What was I saying about going too far just a moment ago?

But to my surprise, Mireille accepted.

"Great, now let me think..." Don't go too far, August. "Looks like you're done with your drink... Alright, drink another can of that aaaaaand... I think one hour from now is a good target, what do you think?"

Mireille looked at me with an uncertain expression on her face.

"What percentage am I at now?" She gestured at my eyes.

I took a glance through the lenses.

"Twenty three percent, one hundred and two milliliters. Why?"

"Do you... do you think I could wait that long?" She asked inquiringly.

"Do you think you can?" I asked back.

Mireille didn't reply, so I decided she could use some encouragement.

"Okay, if you really want to improve, you gotta push yourself a little, right?"

Mireille nodded in agreement.

"Besides, it's just a goal; if you can't make it to one hour, that's still valuable data—we'll just dial it back a notch next time," I leaned forward in my chair. "You can do it, Mireille, I believe in you." Wow. That is one pep talk.

"I guess you're right..."

That seemed to work well. Mireille grabbed the second can and finished in a little over ten minutes, while we chatted about random stuff.

Fifteen minutes later, I noted down my first measurement. Fourty one percent, one hundred and seventy seven milliliters.

"So... How are you holding up?" I asked Mireille.

"I could use a restroom," she replied, but her voice and body language was not any different from usual yet. "But I'm fine for now. What am I at?"

I told her and she just nodded.

"Do you think you could handle a glass of water?" I asked out of curiosity—though with her current rate of urine accumulation, I was starting to regret making her drink even that second can of ice tea.

"To be honest, probaby not..." Mireille replied after giving it a quick thought.

"Fair enough," I agreed, and decided to suggest something else instead. "Hey, how about we watch a movie or something to pass the time?"

"Sure, sounds fun," she agreed while she switched her computer on and gestured me to her side. " Come sit next to me on the bed. What do you like?"

"Surprise me," I replied and sat next to her. "But I suggest something without rivers or waterfalls in it."

"I'll make sure of that," she laughed. After some browsing, we eventually settled on an animation movie, and started watching—though I couldn't really pay attention to the movie from glancing at her so much; both to see how much she was holding, and how it reflected on her body language.

After the next fifteen minutes, Mireille also wasn't able to pay much attention to the movie, but for a different reason. Her bladder had shot up to sixty-nine percent in this time, holding a considerable (well, for her anyway) three hundred and two milliliters. For the past few minutes, she was getting gradually more restless; no doubt she wanted to move and fidget around more but was trying not to, possibly because I was sitting next to her on her soft bed. I decided to pause the movie and check on her.

"How are you holding up?"

"Uhh... not very good," she answered,the usual sweet tone of her voice was replaced by an obvious discomfort. "What am I at now?"

"Seventy percent, three hundred and twenty milliliters," I replied after a look.

"Umm... how much time do we have left..?"

I checked my phone.

"Just under half an hour."

Mireille did not answer, but instead a slight groan escaped her lips. As she noticed I was more aware of her situation (and I had also paused the movie), she made less effort to conceal her rapidly rising desperation. She was still sitting with her knees to her chest, but now with thighs alternating between rubbing together for a few seconds and returning to a stationary position, only to be tightly pressed into each other once again. Her hips moved erratically from side to side in a squirmy motion, with little to no breaks in between to sit still. Her hands, once comfortably interlocked on her knees, now occasionally rubbed back and forth on her legs, all in an attempt to aid her efforts in holding.

"Let's just..." Mireille finally answered. "Let's just keep watching the movie..."

"If you say so," I replied and resumed the movie, doubts starting to set on my mind if she really could last the full hour. But I had to admit, her determination was quite commendable.

In the next—and third— fifteen minutes of the hour, things had escalated much faster than I had anticipated for poor Mireille. That second can of ice tea was now in full effect, kicking her bladder level up to an unbearable ninety-six percent—still only at four hundred and fourty-four milliliters volume-wise, but I was sure it must have been feeling like an entire ocean to her tiny bladder. With her body so close to the limit, keeping still was nearly impossible.

She was still trying her hardest to stay in a sitting position, but now she was frantically crossing and uncrossing her knees, while her butt wiggled back and forth and even up and down as much as the bed allowed her to. Her breathing was shaky, with tiny moans she had no control over as every passing second felt like her last dry one. Her hands were no longer rubbing her thighs, and instead she was discretely pushing her delicate fingers into her lady parts from underneath her legs; hoping it would be enough to last her the last fifteen minutes.

"August..." Mireille looked at me with a shaky voice and begging eyes almost on the verge of tears. "I don't think I can hold it much longer..."

"You're doing great, Mireille; keep going..."

"But... but I-"

"You can do this," I interrupted her, leaning towards her and whispering in a reassuring voice. "Just another twelve minutes..."

"How much-" She stood up with another moan, and asked while she continued pee dancing. "How much am I holding?"

"Four hundred and fifty one milliliters," I replied, trying not to let my overexcitement leak through my voice. "Ninety-eight percent."

Mireille was almost doubled over now. Her hands could no longer stay anywhere else—both tightly grabbed her crotch and put as much pressure as they possibly could, trying to contain the torrent that was persistently pushing at the gates of her exhausted bladder. She did not dare to move. Every last drip of her concentration was devoted to one single thought. Do. Not. Pee.

I was way too caught up in the moment, but as I saw the meter hit ninety-nine percent, I felt obligated to let Mireille know.

"Mireille... you should probably go to the bathroom now..." I spoke with the softest tone I could. "You're almost-"

"I can't..." Mireille replied, sounding like she had completely given up. "If I move another step, I-I'm gonna-"

She did not get to finish her sentence.

As the gauge hit one hundred percent in front of my eyes, Mireille's exhausted body finally and completely gave in. With a loud hissing sound echoing on the otherwise silent room, four hundred and seventy three milliliters of pee gushed from in between her hands, first down her thighs and thigh-highs, and then her legs and feet, eventually forming a constant downpour that flooded the floor with audible splashes, mixing in with her relieved sighs. She was finished after about fifteen seconds; with her bladder now at a fully relieved one percent.

She stood there with her hands on her knees for a while, trying to catch her breath—and I watched her in an awkward silence, having no idea what to do or say.

"I should go clean up..." Mireille broke the silence; her voice imbued with a mix of disappointment and dismay. Her eyes welled up as she looked away and covered her face with her hands. "I'm so sorry, August, this is so embarrassing..."

I did not reply.

Instead, I slowly stood up and got closer to her until her face was almost touching my chest. With the gentlest of touches, I lifted her chin up, and wiped the single tear that had made its way down her rosy cheek, all the while with a comforting but not piteous eye contact.

"It's okay, Mireille; you did great," I replied, continuing to tenderly caress her cheek with my thumb. "I'm so proud of you..."

"You really think so..?" Mireille replied with a sniff, having apparently soothed down. A warm and touched smile graced her face.

Something came over me. The feelings I harbored for Mireille, tucked away in the back of my mind, had become clearer as we shared a moment of vulnerability. Before me stood a girl I'd met not too long ago, our bond deepening in such short time over a shared goal. Her lustrous, silky smooth purple hair brushed against the back of my hand, her fragile body exhausted from her enormous efforts, her glisteningly beautiful brown eyes staring into my soul, her lips...

Almost completely instinctually, I lifted up her chin slightly higher; and ever so slowly, our faces got closer and closer; both of us a little hesitant, both of us with our hearts pounding out of our chests, and our lips finally came together as we shared a long and intimate first kiss.

End of Chapter Three

*032*2023-11-15 04:11

{{6 hours ago, warham1995 said:

I'm intrigued about the blonde and brunette and i hope that we will discover more about them and their backstory of how they started the arraignment that they have sometime in the future, also I'm glad that august and Mireille are bonding. I'm excited and can't wait to see what will happen in the next chapter! also i really like your stories.

}}

Thank you. I haven't decided if the two girls will be on the next chapter or a later one yet, but we'll most likely see them again.

For now, August and Mireille are just too cute together for me to not write more about them

*035*2023-11-15 07:42

{{57 minutes ago, Rinatro said:

What a chapter! I was hoping that these two would grow closer, so I'm very happy with this development. I can't wait to see how things evolve!

}}

Glad you liked it!

*037*2023-11-16 03:58

{{2 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Will the blonde and brunette have names, if they do what will their names be?

}}

Haven't thought about it yet

*039*2023-11-17 14:24

{{1 hour ago, Heloctre said:

It’s another big chapter, very interesting to read.

I am sad that mireille did not succeed but it was predictable in view of her filled bladder.

I am intrigued by the two girls, I wonder where it will go.

Unlike the others, I am a little disappointed that the relationship between the two went so fast, I would have liked to see the point of view as a coach/ mentor before the boyfriend point of view.

}}

Thank you! I really appreciate the opinions.

My plan from the beginning was to not strictly have August as a coach that will help her train, but more as an observer; since Mireille can't use the glasses on herself. But I'm a heavily spontaneous writer that plans ahead little to nothing, so things turning out this way is a surprise to me as well haha

Also it seems like people in general are interested in the two girls, so I'll see what I can do with them in the upcoming chapters.

*040*2023-11-20 21:43

Hey all! Here's chapter four. To be honest, this was a bit of an experimental one for me, and I'm still not sure how I like it. This chapter does include a good amount of nudity and sex, so if that's not your thing, here's your warning. Other than that, as usual, enjoy!

Chapter Four

I never would have imagined I could feel this many different things so distinctly at the same time.

I could feel each and every crease in Mireille's soft lips; every molecule of air she breathed in, every little twitch of her face, every single fabric of her t-shirt. I could feel every beat of her heart on my chest, pounding in perfect harmony with mine. I could feel her small, shapely breasts press against my skin. I could feel her forearms on my shoulders. I could hear her breathe. I could see her eyes locked in mine. I could taste her lipstick. I could smell her perfume.

I felt every single one, and so much more, with perfect clarity and harmony. Our kiss felt like it lasted forever, yet still left me wanting more when it ended.

"August, I should change first..." Mireille spoke first, both of us out of breath.

I looked down at her wet skirt, panties and thigh highs, along with the puddle on the floor.

"Don't bother," I replied, lowering myself to kneel until my head aligned with her waist, reaching for the top button of her skirt with my fingers. "May I..?"

She looked downward at me, and after a brief contemplation, nodded with the most endearing smile.

Slowly, one by one, I unbuttoned the three buttons in front of her skirt and gently pulled it down and took it off, revealing her purple and white panties that were completely soaked with pee. With the same pace, I took off her t-shirt and her purple bra, revealing her delicate breasts and her shapely, hardened nipples. Meanwhile, I took off my own shirt, and asked Mireille.

"Mireille, is this something you would be... Would you like me to keep going..?"

Without hesitation this time, Mireille nodded once again, her dark brown eyes piercing mine.

"Come over here," I continued, taking her by the waist and guiding her towards the bed. Simultaneously, I picked up the half-liter bottle of water and an empty glass from the desk, pouring half of the bottle into the glass.

"August, what are you doing..?" Mireille asked with a puzzled expression, albeit still smiling.

With the glass in my hand, I knelt down next to her while she sat on the bed, wearing nothing but her wet panties and accessories.

"Drink up," I handed her the glass, my tone still gentle but now carrying a subtle firmness. "We're gonna get that bladder of yours nice and full again."

Mireille looked at me, a touch of nervousness playing across her face.

"But... but I already kinda-"

"I know," I gestured towards my glasses, which were still switched on. "You already need to go a little."

"Yeah... And if I drink any more..."

"If you drink any more..."

I delicately placed my index finger on her bare chest, just beneath the space between her breasts, and gradually moved it downward as I continued.

"Your poor little bladder..."

I moved further downward, now reaching her belly button.

"...will fill..."

I stopped right before I reached the top of her underwear.

"...right back up."

Mireille, her reluctance seemingly easing up as we went, grabbed the glass and began to drink. I kept sitting next to her, gently moving my finger up and down her tummy until she was finished. I returned the glass to the desk, and came back to the bed with the rest of the bottle in my hand.

"Let's finish the rest, just for good measure." I spoke with the same firm yet gentle tone. Mireille did so, without objecting.

"Uhh... my tummy's so full..." she remarked.

"Don't worry," I replied. "All that water won't be staying there for much longer."

Adjusting my glasses with my finger, I took another glance at her lower abdomen. Already thirty-two percent. Perfect.

The last traces of the iced tea must have still been in effect.

"Do you need to pee now?" I inquired.

"Still only a little..." she replied, squeezing her bare thighs together. "But it's getting worse really fast..."

"Good..."

I stood up and took my jeans off, positioning myself on the bed beside her, to her right. I once again gently took hold of her her chin, turning her face towards mine, and we began softly making out.

As we kept kissing, my hands went up and down her waist—very delicately, as if any more would hurt her. Her hands were wrapped around my neck, gently caressing my hair. My heart raced, the sensation nearly electrifying. From what I could tell through her soft moans and the reciprocation of my enthusiasm and passion, I assumed she must be enjoying it as much as I was.

I wished I could tell how exactly she was feeling, but unfortunately, the glasses were not designed for that.

I wasn't sure how long it had been, but some time into our love-making, Mireille took one of her hands off my body and slid it towards her crotch, tightly pressing her thighs together with her hand in between, with a slightly bigger moan this time subsequently escaping her lips.

The glasses told me all I needed to know—fourty seven percent, two hundred and fourty six milliliters.

"How are you feeling?" I asked Mireille.

"I can feel it almost coming out already..." she replied, looking down at her wet crotch. "What's it at right now?"

"Fourty-seven," I told her. "Two hundred and fourty eight milliliters."

"Feels a lot worse than that..."

"It's because your poor muscles are still tired," I explained, gently running my right hand over her bladder. I wasn't applying any pressure at all, but the slightest chance that I might do so must have crossed her mind at least momentarily, as she pressed her thighs together even harder and dug her hand deeper in between her legs.

"Is it... Is it okay if I go pee now..?" Mireille asked.

Good. I pretended to think for a moment.

"Hmm... Do you think you can hold it for a little more..?" I once again gestured at the glasses and continued. "...don't lie, or I'll know."

"I... I suppose I can hold it for a little longer..."

"Good girl," I replied. "Now, let's get you a little more relaxed..."

We continued making out as I gently moved her legs up and laid her on the bed. Laying down flat, the gravity must have taken its effect on her bladder, as her legs flinchingly crossed, and her other hand also shot down on her crotch, trying to compensate for the increased pressure on her sphincter muscles, her moans increasing in intensity.

Slowly and sensually, I moved my lips down from her lips to her chin, and then her neck, her collarbone, and finally her small breasts—looking almost completely flat now that she was laying down.

I really took my time there; my tongue warming up with her intense body heat with each touch—my left hand sensually rubbing her left breast, and my lips getting closer and closer to her right.

As soon as my tongue grazed her hard nipple, Mireille let out a loud moan, accompanied with a momentary hissing sound from below me, as her body suddenly flinched, with both her hands grabbing her crotch even tighter.

"Oh no..." Mireille gasped, her gaze dropping to her crotch as I paused and did the same.

"I‐Is everything okay, Mireille?" I asked just in case, though the reason for her surprise was quite evident to me.

"Yeah, I'm fine, it's just..." Mireille paused, her face growing more and more pinkish in embarrassment. "M-my nipples are very sensitive and..."

"Ah, sorry about that... " I asked, still playing dumb—and really enjoying it. "Should I stop?"

"No... it feels great, b-but.. " Mireille averted her gaze. "I... might have lost control for just a second..."

But of course I already knew that. A three percent decrease, about eighteen milliliters.

"Is that so," I replied. "Then you must be feeling at least a little relieved, right?"

She wasn't.

"Not really..." she crossed her legs again. "If anything, I need to go even more now..."

"And your panties are wet again," I slid my hand down from her breasts to her waist, grabbing the sides of her underwear. "I think it's finally time we got rid of them, what do you think?"

Mireille nodded once again and lifted her feet off the bed, letting me slowly slide her panties down; revealing her intimate area. Her pale white skin formed a perfect contrast with the bright pink color of her shapely lips, slightly damp with her pee.

I grabbed her knees with both my hands and spread her legs, despite her body's natural reaction to keep them closed to help her hold the contents of her now fifty-one percent full bladder. With no help from her thighs, Mireille's left hand once again darted towards her crotch, putting direct pressure on her tired peehole to keep it shut.

"Your hands must be tired too, Mireille," I whispered as my hands gently rubbed her inner thighs, getting closer and closer to her genitals. "Let me help you with that."

I slowly removed her left hand from her crotch and put it to her side, replacing it with my right hand, shifting forward on the bed so my head was around her chest area once again.

While kissing and licking her stomach and breasts all over, I placed my fingers over her peehole and clitoris, and started to ever so gently rub in a circular motion, as my tongue once again grazed her hard nipples.

Mireille reacted almost immediately. As she covered her mouth and moaned loudly, I could feel a passionate quiver emenating from her crotch to her whole body as a wave of pleasure followed it. I did not stop this time, and continued licking and rubbing with the same tempo, driving Mireille's body into a mix of ecstasy from the constant stimulation, and strain from trying to keep her pee in.

I did not even care to use the glasses anymore.

Mireille's moans of effort from clenching her sphincter muscles and the moans of pleasure she was struggling to muffle intertwined; her body overwhelmed by a myriad of sensations, her legs quivering in desperation. All intensifying, as her body steadily approached a much-desired—and deserved, to be fair—climax.

"August... It's... it's too much..." Mireille found the strength to utter. "The pressure's getting too much to-"

Mireile's half-moaning sentence was cut short, however. With a final wave washing over her mind and body, she finally climaxed, all her body trembling with euphoria. With intense waves of pleasure, and with my finger still pressing her peehole, I felt Mireille's sphincter muscles involuntarily and completely give in, gushing all her pent-up warm and crystal-clear pee in her bladder through my fingers, and onto the bedsheets.

And there we were.

There we were. Laying next to each other naked on a drenched bed, both of us attempting to catch our breaths. We were both exhausted, not saying a word for god knows how long.

"Uhh... I made a mess..." Mireille, as always, broke the silence. "I'm sorry, August, I really couldn't hold it any longer..."

"You did great, Mireille..." I comforted her, holding her hand as I helped her up. "Now, let's get you cleaned up. How does a warm shower sound?"

"I could really use one," Mireille confirmed. "Hey, August..."

"Yeah, Mireille..?"

"W-would you like to maybe... join me..?"

Oh, absolutely.

"I'd love to," I replied, wearing a warm ear-to-ear smile.

I wasn't sure what exactly Mireille was thinking behind her typical sweet-awkward smile as we headed to the bathroom, but as for me...

Well, I was already starting to think about the next time.

End of Chapter Four

*043*2023-11-21 07:45

{{8 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Nice job on this chapter, series and story so far!

}}

{{7 hours ago, Frankfrankfran said:

I absolutely love this series

}}

Thank you both!

*046*2023-11-21 12:32

{{27 minutes ago, AlmostWet said:

I love it, more please.

}}

Thank you, working on the next chapter atm

*050*2023-11-22 09:23

{{1 hour ago, holdinginpee said:

If someone can lose control prior to reaching 100% (as it seemed like she was on track to even if the orgasm hadn't decided it), one wonders if it isn't also possible for someone to hold past 100% with sufficient effort/determination/pee-shyness/etc. that would be fun to see, no doubt.

}}

How I always imagined it in my head is actually pretty close to that; 100% does not necessarily mean a total accident; and one does not need to hit 100% to have an accident either. It's kinda like in real life, imagine if someone reeeeeally has to pee but can still hold it for a little longer. If you, for example, tie up their hands so they wouldn't be able to grab themselves, and tie up their legs so they are spread apart, that will reduce the time they can hold, right?. These nuances will most likely become clearer as the story goes on; as even August himself does not yet know how exactly the glasses work, and Mireille still refuses to explain for some reason haha

