A Girl's Bursting Bladder on a Coach Journey

Author: verint

*000*2016-12-24 16:13

Hi all, here is a little story based on a massive fantasy of mine. Attached is a picture of the girl in the story (completely fictional). I hope this is allowed (the picture I mean).

Hellen Schweiss was 23 years old and from Bavaria, Germany. She was an attractive young lady, with medium length golden brown hair and a what her friends called, pretty face, with her little nose and alluring blue eyes. She was slim, just below average height and had quite small breasts but a large, rounded bottom.

She had just finished university in Munich and had been persuaded by her friend Annika to travel with her to a language school in England on the south east coast for a month. They were to practise their English but also have a little bit of a holiday too. The plan was for them to have classes in the mornings with other students but in the afternoons and evenings to do some activities arranged for them by the school. This included visiting London which had sold the idea to Hellen. She had been once before in her teens and had always wanted to go back.

It was at the end of their first week that the girls were to visit London. They had to be up early to get their coach to the city.

Hellen had her morning pee and showered and got dressed. She put on a white cotton thong with matching bra, tight fitting blue denims and a casual white shirt. Leaving, she slipped on her black ballet flats and headed for the coach.

When they got to London, they had a short tour with a guide from the school around the main sights. Big Ben, Parliament, Buckingham Palace; that sort of thing. Towards the end of the tour, Hellen started to notice a slight need to relieve herself. She'd finished her bottle of water and needed to pee. It wasn't massively urgent but she could have definitely done with a toilet.

Eventually the tour was over and Hellen went to do some shopping with Annika. She'd now started to need to poo as well and so asked Annika if they could go to a traditional pub for some lunch and a drink. She knew there'd be toilets in the pub. Annika agreed and they found a nice, quintesential English pub around the corner from where they were to meet to go back to the coach for the journey home.

Annika offered to buy the first drink and suggested they both have pints of beer as they were in England and so should do something traditional. Hellen agreed before dissapearing to find herself a toilet. There was no queue and Hellen went in to the nearest cubicle. She lowered her tight blue denims and white cotton thong and hovered her round bottom over the bowl to relieve her bladder. When she was finished, she reached behind her to spread apart her soft bum cheeks and squeezed out two large turds from her tight anus. They splashed into the bowl below and Hellen hoped nobody had heard. She was quite shy when it came to pooping.

She took some paper and wiped her vagina and gently rubbed in the crack of her bum and over her tight little pucker and dropped the paper down into the bowl before pulling up her thong and denims, flushing the toilet and going to wash her hands. She then went to rejoin Annika.

Annika had dutifully bought her friend a pint of beer and they sat together chatting and thinking about what to have from the bar menu for lunch.

After about 45 minutes they'd both finished their pints and were ready to eat. Hellen said she would treat Annika to this and went to the bar to place their order and get them two more pints of beer. After all, they were German and Germans like beer!

Theye were about halfway through these when their food arrived. They finished their pints with the food and Hellen was then bought a third pint by Annika as a thank you for lunch. Annika excused herself to the toilet and Hellen followed upon her return. The beer had started reaching the girls bladders. They finished their third pint and decided that that was enough beer before the journey home. Annika went to do some last minute shopping and Hellen went to a bookshop she'd seen on the tour. They agreed to meet back at the coach at four thirty.

When Hellen got to the coach, she was running late and noticed Annika just coming out of the public toilets just down the road from the coach. Hellen considered going too but their guide was telling them that they were ready to leave. She boarded the coach and took her seat.

An hour into the journey and not visiting the toilet before getting on the coach was proving to be a big mistake. Hellen knew there was no toilet on the coach and they didn't stop on the two hour journey to London so they probably wouldn't stop on the way back either.

Up to this point, Hellen had been chatting with Annika and their guide, but now she'd gone quiet; focussed on her need to pee.

To make matters worse for poor Hellen, beer was still reaching her bladder. She'd had all of the third pint Annika had bought for her after having relieved her bladder after the first two pints and some of the beer from the second pint had probably made it's way to her bladder now too, not having got to her bladder by the time she went to the toilet earlier.

The traffic wasn't great either. At this rate, it would be more like three hours before they were back. Hellen got a little worried. She really needed to pee already. In two hours her need would be almost uncontainable. She consoled herself with the vain hope that they might actually stop somewhere on the way back.

She edged ever so slightly forward in her seat, her seatbelt now unbuckled, she cared about nothing now other than getting to a toilet. Her bladder was truly bursting. It was taking all her concentration to hold on and to make things worse still, yet more beer had reached her already overstretched and bursting bladder.

Her abdomen had distended to accommodate her swollen bladder and was rock solid from the pressure inside of her. She had never been in such a state before. She was absolutely dying on that coach. So embarrassed by her predicament yet unable to say anything. She clenched her muscles as tightly as she could, her tight pucker between her soft cheeks now permanently locked shut. To add to her woe, the beer, the horrible, horrible, gassy beer, had made her need to fart too. So on top of her ceaselessly pulsing, throbbing and aching bladder, begging for relief from the torment with which it was having to deal, she was now holding a build up of gas in her bowels and rectum. Her belly would rumble occasionally as she resisted another urge to relax her clenched sphincter and tight anus to ease out what would have been an enormously relieving fart. But she knew better, her anxious expression betraying the torment and pure, horrid desperation she was battling.

If only she didn't have to fart to, she may have just about been able to contain the enormous pressure in her bladder but her bloated belly and swollen bladder in combination proved nothing less than torturous.

Her toes curled up in her ballet flats as she shifted position for the umpteenth time, desperate to find something to help her wait. She wished she could hold herself between her legs and clasp shut her urethra but the embarrassment was already so great that she couldn't bare the thought of anyone seeing her holding herself like a little girl.

The effort was making her hot and clammy. Her intimate parts were moist, including the cleft between her soft white cheeks, her anus still tightly closed against the horrible, ghastly build up of gas in her bowels.

She could feel herself waning in her epic struggle. If they didn't arrive soon she would burst. She had been concerned for a little while already that she may do herself some damage, such was the pressure in her bladder. She was so utterly desperate, so completely bursting for relief and wishing for nothing more than to be able to just sit on a toilet and relax her bladder and all of the muscles working overtime to help her wait, to contain the pulsing urge burning inside of her.

If there was but one good thing at this point, it was that the traffic had cleared and they had been travelling at a good speed on the motorway for some time now and they were nearing the turn off for the town where the school was.

Hellen looked out of the window and recognised where they were. It would be no more than ten minutes until her stop. She prayed she could last that long.

Here toes were now dancing in her flats, constantly moving around, her left leg ever so slightly bobbing up and down. All natural reactions to her predicament.

The feeling inside of her was like nothing imaginable and the embarrassment was indescribable. She was mortified to be in this situation. She would have cried if it wouldn't have attracted attention. As is she let out a little whimper as she changed position again, putting her weight this time onto her right buttock and crossing her left leg over her right. The effort of doing this caused a couple of droplets of urine to squeeze themselves out of her urethra and ever so slightly dampen the front of her thong.

She was doing everything she could to disguise and hide her incredible desperation, for she could think of few things worse than anyone else knowing of her agonising situation.

Her abdomen was now incredibly distended, pressing hard against her jeans and belt. Oh how poor Hellen wished she could unbuckle her belt and unbutton her jeans for that would have at least provided some respite from her agony, but it was too obvious a move; she would've been found out immediately and she couldn't deal with other people knowing how desperate she was, that was just an embarrassment too far. But her efforts to hold on had become increasingly more difficult to disguise. She was fortunate at least that she had no one sitting next to her. And it did seem that no one had noticed her efforts to contain her bladder. She was sat by the window and was thus hidden from view from most of the other passengers. She looked out of the window and grimmaced as she gently altered her position ever so slightly and took the opportunity to rock slightly back and forth in her seat a few times in an effort to help her wait.

The coach was nearing its first stop and over the microphone came the horrible announcement that Hellen's stop would only be the second. She would have to wait as students got off before her and were free to head to their host family's and awaiting toilets to relieve their bladders if they so required, but Hellen knew that absolutley none of them could be even close to her level of need.

The coach slowed and eventually stopped at the first stop. The rocking of the coach as it stopped caused Hellen to whimper as she hunched forward, a wave of increased desperation having come over her. She prayed that the other people getting off at the first stop would be quick, but to her horror, a guy stopped to talk to someone at the front of the coach. Bastard!! Bastard!!! BASTARD!!!!!! The added wait and resulting increased agony caused Hellen to let out another dribble into her thong.

She clenched everything to stop the dribble becoming a spurt and then the spurt a full on gush and then the gush into a complete wetting. And that wasn't even considering her terrible need to fart too that had now come back to make itself known. She knew that if she were to lose complete control, she'd not only wet herself but also let out probably several farts, alerting everyone to the fact that a 23 year old girl was not just wetting herself but also farting uncontrollably as well. That simply wasn't going to happen.

Then, when Hellen had got her terrible, agonising need under control again, a girl from the back of the coach shouted at the guy to hurry up and get off the coach. Hellen obviously wasn't the only one on that coach who needed the toilet. But she knew also that absolutely no one could even be half as desperate as she was, trying as she was to hold her poor overfull, stretched and bursting, throbbing and now constantly pulsing, begging and pleading bladder full of all that damn gassy beer. But the coach was at least now moving again.

Hellen changed position and shifted her weight back onto both her cheeks. The change of position wasn't easy and another few droplets of hot urine escaped into her croth to further dampen the front of her thong. And to make her discomfort worse, her thong had now effectively wedgied her more so than normal. It had ridden up between her buttocks and as Hellen changed position and rocked slightly in her seat to try to help her wait, she could feel the fabric rub against the sides of both her cheeks and tight, firmly clenched shut anus. Her sphincter really had been working overtime to help her wait. She wasn't sure how much longer she could do this, but she had come this far, she thought, she wasn't going to give in now. Otherwise all the agony and torturous holding would've been for nothing.

The coach rounded a corner and Hellen's stop was in sight. She started hurriedly readying her things. Every movement was hellish. Her bladder was so full that her abdomen was rock solid, her kidneys were now constantly aching and her belly was bulging out. She would have to undo her belt and unfasten the button on her jeans when she got off the coach. Her jeans normally had a little extra room around her waste but now they were tight up against her abdomen, pushing against her poor bladder and making the pressure more intense.

As the coach slowed to a halt at Hellen's stop, several other people got up infront of her who also wanted to get off at this stop. Hellen went to rise carefully from her seat but was halted in a moment of sheer terror when, as she rose from her seat, where she had been sitting for so long in silent agony, a fart escaped her rectum. As it did so, Hellen shuddered with the effort of trying to supress it and a look of horror was momentarily cast across her face. She prayed nobody heard it, for it escaped out of her anus with a tight squeeky sound that was definitely audible. If Hellen could hear it then others could too. But the noise of chatter on the coach drowned it out sufficiently that Hellen didn't think anyone else had heard her moment of unladylikeness.

Hellen was quite shy about her bodily functions. It was why she'd suffered in agonising silence for so long. She didn't want anyone to know of her predicament and awful awful desperation. She didn't talk about peeing or farting and pooping. It embarrassed her. She knew it was a little silly, but that was just how she was.

Hellen, having regained her composure after a little moment of panic following her small fart, was now faced with having to wait for others infront of her to get their bags and coats from the overhead compartments. She grimmaced slightly as she waited in the aisle, praying that they wouldn't take too long. She bent down slightly out of sheer desperation and let out a little whimper and gasp of despair before she was finally able to start moving down the aisle towards the door and finally freedom from the confines of this horrible coach, the scene of her torture and pain for the last couple of hours.

Stepping off the coach was a challenge in itself. She was so full now that every step was hell and as she came down off the coach from the last step a little to hard she had to struggle to hold it all in as she hurriedly jostled past the others who had got off before her.

She started mincing towards where she was staying before Annika, her friend, called after her. She pretended not to hear. But Annika called again. This time Hellen couldn't ignore her.

"What are you doing later"? enquired Annika.

Hellen turned and replied in a strained tone. "I'll text you".

She then turned back and started towards her apartment where she was staying. She knew that Annika now probably thought that something was wrong but she was a good friend and said nothing off it, no doubt aware that her friend was in desperate need of a toilet. Hellen could live with Annika being aware she needed to pee but she hoped she didn't know of the urgent desire she was battling to relieve herself of a lot of pent up gas and wind in her bowels. Annika wasn't sitting far from Hellen on the coach so it was possible that she heard her fart but was just too polite to say anything. But all of this didn't occupy Hellen's thoughts for long. She rounded a corner and was now out of sight of the others from the coach and couldn't see anyone else in the street so took the opportunity to unfasten her belt and undo the top button on her tight jeans. This provided a tiny amount of relief.

Hellen continued up the road towards where she was staying. The school had given her a small apartment not far from the school itself. This was normally a good thing; very convenient, but now the problem Hellen faced was that her apartment was on the second floor so she would have to climb two flights of stairs with her bladder as close to exploding as it could possibly get.

As she walked further up the road, she cupped her abdomen in her left hand and could now feel how distended it was; how full and bloated she had become. It was like a bowling ball in her belly. She looked pregnant. This was awful. Her kidneys now didn't just ache, they hurt and she was now really worried she may do herself some damage if she couldn't get relief soon.

She approached her apartment and hastily dug her keys out of her pocket and went to the front door. The building was an old Victorian town house that had been converted into apartments sometime in the 70's.

She quickly put the key in the lock, doing the pee pee dance as she turned it to open the door and hurried inside, slamming the door shut behind her. She made her way tentatively up the stairs as a spurt of hot pee escaped her. She bent over double, about half way up the stairs now and jammed a hand between her legs as she regained control. There was now a visible wet patch between her legs. She'd technically wet herself. This was awful. Just awful!

She got to the door of her apartment, now flushed and red in the face with the effort and embarrassment. She opened the door as quickly as she could, threw her bag down on the floor and groaned with discomfort and pain as she went, bent double now, towards the toilet.

She didn't even bother closing the door to the bathroom behind her. No time for that. She flung the toilet seat up and hastily tugged her tight jeans down and then her thong. It was a relief to finally have that thing out from between her cheeks but Hellen's real relief was yet to come.

She flung herself down onto the bowl, breathing heavily with the exertion of having held on so long, of having battled against nature and her bursting, aching and swollen bladder and tried to relax. This was easier said than done such was her desperation. Her body had got used to holding it all in. But after a couple of seconds a trickle of pee came out of her urethra, followed by a very tight squeeky fart and she sighed quietly as the trickle turned into a gush and then a torrent of pee started pouring forcefully into the bowl beneath her.

Oh at last, the blissful sweet relief at last she thought to herself. And then several more farts released themselves from the confines of her rectum and escaped out of her anus. They came out in short bursts of wind and were heavenly to release.

The pee flowed and flowed and flowed out of her and only became a trickle once more after well over a minute and then the trickle itself lasted for nearly a minute too. She then squeezed out several more quite forceful jets from within her and a final thunderous fart before taking some toilet paper to wipe herself after she was finally done. She cleaned her vagina and also her anus, wiping gently between her buttocks, for after the strain of holding for so long, her intimate parts had become moist and clammy.

Finally done, she flushed the toilet and removed her jeans and thong and tossed them into the wash. She also took off her top and bra before walking naked to the bedroom to collect her towel to have a nice long shower and try to put all this horrible ordeal behind her.

$$

*002*2016-12-25 10:57

Her name is actually Hellen. She's a model from a site I quite like.

