Vaine, Goddess of Death, Sexual/Peeing Adventures Throughout the Multiverse (Insanely Long Story) - Page 2

Author: Vaine Steele

*025*2023-01-09 10:24

Welp I can no longer edit my first post to keep the table of contents updated lol. That kinda blows but it's ok. We press onward.

Chapter 5 has been posted and is pending approval, probably because of its length. I will talk about it once it's visible so I don't spoil anything. 🙂

&&&&&&&&

*029*2023-01-09 11:06

Speak and I get answered lol.

This chapter was really fun to write. I wrote like a madlady on the weekend and managed to pop this one out. It's 100% filler with no plot movement but hey, it's my favorite chapter so far, probably because I've had Jason/Vaine's first time together in my head for weeks and now it's finally on the page. Lastly I wanna say that NovelAI's image generation isn't a perfect representation of Vaine, I can't get her dark brown stripes on her legs to show up for example, but it's still nice to have pictures that are close enough for now. I hope you all enjoy them.

Anyway these are the other ones I made... but the one I posted in the chapter is my favorite. I figured I'd show you these anyway in case one is interested.

If your interested in my attempts to get some omorashi pictures with her, that post can be found here

Thank you and have a great day/night/morning/afternoon wherever you may be.

~ Vaine Steele

*031*2023-01-11 21:09

{{2 hours ago, orangelion said:

Your description of Vaine was good and the pictures are just like how I imagined her(except without the stripes), but it is still nice to finally have full body pictures of her. One question though. How are her stripes shaped? Is it more like zebra stripes or tiger stripes?

}}

Tiger shaped stripes that wrap up around her legs almost like a helix, it's abit hard to explain lol. Hopefully once the NovelAI image generator gets refined it'll be easier to add tertiary characteristics on fur. Right now it's just kind of random and mostly doesn't happen.

*032*2023-01-13 08:31

Chapter 6: Uh Oh. Nudity.

Jason loads up his pickup truck with some tools and a spare full can of gas, along with several empty ones. We've only driven in it twice since we've been together but the first two times were before we fucked. This is... gonna be so damn awkward now. Why is it going to be that way?

Because Jason is fully clothed from head to dick to toe... and I'm completely naked except for the sheathed sword around my belt. I lost the pissbet and now I'm paying the ultimate... nudey price. This fucking sucks. My body is so flushed with embarrassment and I'm not even sure why. This isn't like before where I went bottomless out in public a couple of times... that was my choice and there was nobody else around. Granted some thugs saw my pussy but I wasn't ashamed of it because I knew they'd be dead very soon. Jason will live a long while, probably.

I'm being forced to do something very naughty against my will! Help me Jesus! Help me Santa Christ!

Ahem anyway I'm sure he would lemme wear something if I really really wanted to... he's not sadistic. Well he is, we both are to be fair, just not with each other. I'm talking about violent sadism but I guess what I'm doing now is sexual sadism? I don't fucking know. God I guess I'm a fucking masochist or some shit then right? My cunt is enjoying the spotlight so... I'm clearly aroused from this shitty feeling of humiliation.

Jason is probably gonna have a half chub in his shorts for most of the day isn't he? Damn him to hell. We get inside his truck without many words. My bare wet slit feels so strange when it's pressed up against the raw old cracked leather of the seat. Feels much different than sitting here with pants on... what the fuck?! Good lord my nerves don't know what to do with themselves.

"Ready to start the quest to travel to your old base Miss Nipples?" Jason teases me and laughs lightly. "You really are a nasty bitch in heat huh?"

"Fuck you and your momma's cunt." I breathe heavily through my teeth. "Yes. You know exactly what my body is doing right now. You wanted this didn't you... you creepazoid you."

"Clearly we both needed this to happen. It's your fate to be here naked today you naughty night wolf you." Jason retorts in his silly voice, well as derpy as he can with his deep gruff vocal cords.

God dammit.

He starts up the pickup truck and we slowly drive through the uninhabited ruins of Dallas, Texas. It's the third week in July so... it's so damn hot even in the early morning hours. I'm gonna sweat my titties off today aren't I? Fuck.

"Gotta make a few stops, then we'll head to your side of town. I'm going to enjoy staring at your fat sexy ass all day." Jason winks at me. Great. What does that fiend have in store for me?!

I squirm in my seat as we approach a gas station that's surprisingly like 95% intact. Jason starts filling up his empty fuel canisters which is a rather slow process so I decide to head into the station. It's only partially looted. I assume my dolt-bolt headed lover was the one who took some of the food from here. I see some bottled water stashed away in a corner and I get a devilish thought for revenge. I quickly chug down three full bottles and cough violently afterwards. I wouldn't recommend doing this so don't, my cells will regenerate instantly but you could risk water poisoning if you drink like close to like I dunno, 2 pounds of water in under a minute? Yeah don't copy me.

Anyway... I'll get revenge for this... beast who's got me as his nude prisoner in the only way I know how... by pissing inside his truck and tainting it forever with my unwashable scent, hehehehe.

With my evil plan in motion, I walk out of the convenience store and notice that Jason is done filling up his containers already. That was quick. We get back into the truck and drive away. We come across a bunch of new debris blocking the main road, so we slowly clear out a path for the pickup which takes about 30 minutes of us working together. Phew. Backbreaking work. I'm super sweaty already and I swear Jason's half-boner hasn't gone away. He offers me a bottle of water and I take it eagerly. That's four you son of a bitch.

Ok we're all children of female dogs but whatever, I honestly don't know what the anthro equivalent insult would be since we never used this one in our reality. I'm only writing it in here because I thought it'd be funny. It's hilarious 196, 740 years in the future when I'm penning this paragraph ok? Piss off, I don't need your bullshit right now.

Ahh piss.

Speaking of urine, my bladder is throbbing right now but I don't let it show on the outside. I'm confident I can hold it long enough to get into Jason's hillbilly truck and then randomly piss in it while he's distracted by the road. Operation Pee Truck will not fail. Jason turns east after a few minutes and it's at this time when I decide that it's ready for me to begin.

My anus is clenched, my nipples are super stiff, my sweat stained fur is seemingly holding onto the entire seat around my back and ass and I'm horny as hell with a fairly full mid-morning bladder. This will feel great. I put both of my feet up onto the seat as I dig myself as far back as I can into the back rest and spread my knees as far apart as they'll. Jason looks over at me perplexed and clearly wonders what I'm doing. You could see everything down there if you were standing where the dashboard in front of me is located.

I look at him with a blushing grin. "How much are you enjoying my shitty embarrassment so far?" I growl.

"Uhm, just thinking about how much I'm going to enjoy fucking your brains out later." He says nonchalantly. Well that was an easy one.

"So alot then? Well... time for you to feel some of it." I chuckle lightly.

I begin to rub my aching clitoris. Oh god it feels so nice to masturbate while trying not to piss at the same time. There's almost nothing like it. Jason looks over at me briefly with surprise as I let out an unabated moan. My entire body is getting ready for my sexual prank of the decade.

"Well, I guess I should have expected you to masturbate sometime today. I can't enjoy the show while I'm driving though. Is that your way of getting back at me? Weak solution I would say." Jason taunts me.

Oh such a simpleton. "Yeah, totally. You've got this gorgeous ass babe right next to you and you can't even stare at her as she does her work on herself. woe is you." I say sarcastically in return as my nethers flare up. Fuck, almost peed. Gotta stay focused.

I continue to enjoy the soft sensation of my digits around my vagina as I begin to play with my breast with my free hand. My pussy shudders, begging for mommy to let her go. Mommy declines. My legs begin to shake more as I rub harder, the thoughts of orgasmic bliss and revenge are at the forefront of my thoughts. The feeling in my privates so good but yet so painful at the same time. I love it so much. My urethra loosens up ever so slightly and a few dribbles of urine come out of me. Dammit. Ahh. I hope Jason cannot smell that. I look over at him and he's clearly annoyed that he cannot watch in safety. His tenting pants are more obvious though. God I'm such a bad girl.

"You're enjoying this, aren't you?" Jason teases. "Damn babe I really wish I could look at your face but I don't wanna crash my Dad's truck."

"This... this truck belonged to your father? Ahh fuck." I manage to say between ragged breaths that heat up the air around me even more.

"Yeah... he was a piece of shit. But the only good memories I have with him are in this hunk of junk, where I would sit where you are and we'd just listen to country music on the radio while on the open road." He explains.

I stick out my tongue playfully and let my jaw hang open abit. God I really don't wanna hear about Jason's daddy issues right now but I also don't wanna stop finger-fucking my vagina. I'm close now. If Jason didn't smell the pee that dripped out of me before he sure as hell will within the next like ten seconds. I moan louder as we go along the bumpy road. My ass jolts up off of the seat by like an inch and slams back down and I yelp with intense pleasure as I somehow hold onto my bladder tightly with my inner canal's muscles. I notice that the road ahead of us is blocked again and Jason slams on the breaks quickly.

Ahh fuck.. fuck fuck I'm cumming!

The force of our abrupt stop is overwhelming and I cum really fucking hard as a mixture of girlcum and urine squirt out from my pussy lips. The pleasure is overwhelming and I look over at Jason with glee.

"Got cha." I manage to say as the sound of my powerful piss stream continues as it loudly scatters across his dashboard. A few dribbles hit his windshield too. God damn. It feels so good to finally have relief. And Jason had no idea it was coming.

"What the actual fuck Vaine?!" He yells at me, although I can't tell if his arousal or anger is winning out.

I think I cum very quickly again as my pee continues to bash itself against the inner parts of the vehicle, soaking itself into everything it can. I'm so focused on my urination that everything else seems like a blur. All I know is that it feels sooooo good and I feel like I might pee for hours after this orgasm. I don't know if there are limits to female ejaculation, but I realize that this is one of my best squirts yet! My clitoris throbs as my pussy clenches on itself again. Oh god this is just the beginning of something amazing...

"Jason..." I gasp softly between gritted teeth as I continue to piss inside of the truck. "I hope this will be a good memory to wash away your father's bad ones. But fuck you and your truck it's filled with my body fluids now. It belongs to me."

My words have a strange effect on Jason. I still can't tell if he's super pissed, heh, or if he's just turned on and turned on hard. Probably both.

"Oh fuck... Jason my cunt feels so good from urinating and climaxing. She's calling to you for sexual aid." I talk dirty, licking my lips as my body shakes even more from my orgasmic pleasure.

Jason is clearly confused and I love that he doesn't know what to say. "That was... unexpected. Where's all this piss coming from?!"

I laugh as my urine stream stays strong and true. "It's my dirty little secret."

I continue peeing feverously and without letting up, the entire truck is filled with the super strong and nasty scent of my piss. I keep playfully rubbing my vagina as the pleasure keeps on coming. God, I feel like an animal right now. Jason gets out of the truck, goes to my side door and opens it wildly. Oh shit. This is going to be bad isn't it?

He looks at me furiously and with a hint of arousal as he pulls off my seatbelt and positions me over to him, my legs dangle off the side door's entrance and my stomach is forced onto the seat, exposing me from my asshole to my clit. I'm still pissing but he doesn't seem to care how much his clothes get wet.

"You are a fucking cunt." He snarls and spanks my exposed ass, hard.

I cry out with delight as the wave of pain ripples through me. God damn that hurt.

"You think this is funny and cute?" He slaps my buttcheeks again and again and my golden shower splays around wildly from the impacts. "You're a bad girl Vaine. Bad girls get punished."

His eyes narrow, looking deep into me and my body responds to his stare. Fuck he's hot and all he's done is spank me with that unkempt green hair and furious red eyes of his. I don't have the strength to do anything, I'm completely powerless right now. Still peeing all over him by the way. Yuppers.

He suddenly closes the gap between us and digs into my fat asscheeks with his claws, one in each hand. Oh shit. He forcefully separates them and begins licking my asshole with a series of angry slurps. My whole body stiffens as his rough licker penetrates deeper and deeper down inside my anus. He clenches onto my butt tighter with his hands to the point where I'm pretty sure I'm oozing blood but I don't seem to mind too much. Ooh fuck. He knows how to lick ass very well as my piss stream stains his neck and upperbody. He must be so aroused right now, I can see it in his eyes. It turns me on more than I want to admit.

I moan softly as Jason takes his time to savor every last bit of my dirty hole. My clit throbs violently at the feel of him lapping away at me like a ravenous dog. My whole body shakes from his touch and the sound of his sucking sops becomes even louder. The vibrations in my urinating pussy are driving me wild and I start to climax hard again. I squeeze my slit around my urethra in desperation to keep my orgasmic bliss and urine from pouring out of me. I fail. The feeling in my body is so intense that I cannot hold back any longer. A huge torrent of vajayjay juice and pee shoots from my vagina, spraying all over everything in one final golden wave. The smell alone is enough to make me shudder hard from pleasure. I am a filthy woman for sure.

Jason finally stops licking my ass and instead pulls off his mostly wet clothes and throws them onto my wide urine pool that is on top of the passenger side floorboard. He begins to rub his cock against my butthole. My whole body stiffens with anticipation. I want this... I want him inside of me. So bad. But he just keeps rubbing along the outside of my anal rim, teasing me mercilessly. The friction he creates on my butt donut feels incredible and I can tell he's trying to go even further but there is no way I'm ready for that.

He looks into me with lust-filled eyes while he strokes himself along my butthole, He can only get the tip of his dick in there, nothing else. He grunts as he gives up and changes directions. He begins to fuck my pussy with loud and lewd schloping sounds. His cock presses hard against my clitoris which is still throbbing and twitching from my very recent pissing hurricane. He doesn't care about any of that though. His thrusts are rough and aggressive as he continues to slam into my vagina without restraint, my sore asscheeks are finally allowed to heal up abit. It hurts in the best way possible. The feel of Jason's cock against my gspot sends an electric current through me as he begins to moan louder with each thrust. I feel like he is trying to rip me open with his solid snake... I want that... so bad.

"God Vaine you're such a good fuck," he snarls as he pushes into me, his hands on either side of my body to hold himself steady as he plows into me with all he's got.

He cums hard as sperm enters into me like I'm cannon fodder. It's hot, salty, thick and potent as it sprays deep inside of me. The warmth of it feels almost painful as it slides around inside my innermost parts. But that's okay... it's the least painful thing of the day considering how rough our sex has been this morning. He's never fucked me so furiously before and I must admit that I thoroughly enjoyed it.

Jason's cum drips out from my gaping vagina onto the road outside as he braces his back against the outside of his truck. I just lay there, half my body on the seat, half outside for all to see. My pussy is drenched and sore but I feel really good.

"That was very mean of you to piss in my truck." Jason states seriously. "But fuck I admit you turned me on so hard. Fuck you."

"Yeah yeah fuck you too, blame the bet we made when we had our morning pissing contest." I reply between deep breaths. "At least we're both naked now, so the bet is kinda moot now I guess."

Jason pulls more clothes out of one of his bags and begins to get dressed after drying himself off with a towel. Seriously?!

"You think I didn't anticipate you ruining a set of my clothing? Nope, I did. You and your cunt are not getting out of this fucking embarrassing day anytime soon." Jason sounds both like he's deadpan serious and a sarcastic twat. How does he do that?!

"You fucking rest a little." He continues. "I'll clear out the debris and then we'll make an extra stop before lunch." I get my whole body into the truck and I slam the door. It's nice to relax abit but damn it smells awful in here.

Hehe... hahahaha... small victories. Gotta take em when you can get em.

I hear a loud weird wooshy wobbly sound outside and I look out through the windshield a few seconds later. I know those adjectives are strange but I don't know how else to describe it. The debris is completely gone and the road is wide open, like my vagina right now. Huh. I guess Jason used one of his superpowers to get rid of it... but how the fuck did he do it so fast?! I didn't know. Dammit I missed the chance to finally see one of his abilities. Oh well. I enjoy watching him take a lukewarm piss afterwards and he walks back inside and starts up the engine again.

"Damn girl it smells like fresh urine in here." Jason states the obvious.

"I think you're trying to be sexy or something but you kind of failed that one." I smirk.

"Ok fine let's just go you slut." He retorts and we drive off.

***

After about ten minutes of slow driving, we stop again. Next to a ruined police station and a mini-mall. It has a 'cash now' shop, pizza place, Thai food to go, lawyer's office, insurance office... and a sex toy store. Oh gee I wonder which one Jason wants us to go to.

"Wait here for a few minutes." Jason practically commands me as he gets out... and walks inside the police station.

Oh. I guess my dirty mind was wrong afterall. After about five minutes, he comes out with some portable radios, you know the kind that police wear? Yeah those. He has a cardboard box full of them. Good thinking actually, we could use those to communicate anywhere across the city pretty much, provided we have enough battery power or whatever.

He places them in the back of the truck and then tells me to come outside. So I do. Ahh fresh naked air, how I've missed you. He takes a hold of my hand and we walk straight into the sex shop.

Oh uh... I was right I guess.

There's an old ratty sofa inside the shop's lounge area along with a TV and a table covered in porno DVD's and mags, along with about a million other toys and sex related things scattered throughout the small store. Jason orders me lay down on my stomach on the couch which I'm sure has had many fucks and sucks on it over the years. I must look like I'm at some kinda massage parlor minus the ass towel... and the massage. Jason comes back a few minutes later with several items, I only manage a glance at a bottle and what looks like a butt plug. What is he planning now?!

I hear him opening up several things from their packaging but he insists that he wants me in this humiliating position so I stay where I am.

"Your asshole rejected my dick today." Jason lamented. "We're gonna train it up so I can turn you into an anal loving whore."

Fuck. The thought of that causes me to get wet again despite the like 5 or 6 orgasms I just had about 25 minutes ago. My pussy is sore as hell but my ass.. feels perfectly fine.

Uh oh.

I hear Jason squirting some fluid out of a bottle. Seconds later I feel his lube ridden finger around my asshole and he easily sticks a finger inside. Within seconds my cheeks are flushed and my pussy is literally leaking dribbles of girlcum. My nipples stiffen hard against the old gross couch and a wave of heavenly bliss flows through me.

"What the hell did you do to me?!" I cry out as I moan uncontrollably. This feels like my heat has heat like Jesus Fucking Christ it's... outstanding.

"This anal lube is supposed to arouse you, hard. Looks like it is working." Jason smiles as he continues to finger my butt.

A second finger slides into my virgin ass followed by a third. He rubs me inside and out thoroughly before his digits exit my rectum. Dammit I want more.

"If we wanna have anal sex, you are gonna have to learn how to relax your cute little butthole. It's super tight, which is great, but it needs to know when to take in a dick." Jason laughs, clearly enjoying me squirming on the furniture.

That is the understatement of the century. The thought of his hard cock stretching out my ass and then pounding the ever living shit out of my hole makes me shiver all over from sheer pleasure. But in the two times he's tried, only his tip has gone in. Loosen up? Guess... guess I can try.

While I'm lost in my thoughts, Jason sticks a thin, half inch thick plastic stick in my ass. It slides in with no effort. It feels like a small turd. It feels good when I push it out. Jason probes my bowels with this thin stick for a couple minutes but it's not nearly enough for me to enjoy it all that much.

"Alright" He says, "Time for the first real test. Small buttplug. This thing is slightly less thick than my penis so it's just a test run."

I lick my lips in anticipation at what my first butt plug will feel like. I really have no idea. Today ends up being full of new experiences like geez louise. Jason teases the outer ring of my anus with the cold metallic plug for about a minute. It feels really nice but not all that arousing right now.

"Now it's time to turn on your asshole's heat." Jason states boldly.

He pushes the plug in slowly, inch by inch. Then he begins to work it inside of my asscheeks as my anus clamps down on it like it's eating it. Oh god it feels so strange... I have no choice but to relax my muscles around this tiny plug as my body continues to suck the toy further into me. The sensation of my butt squeezing down against the knob makes me squeal and I love it. It stops moving and I sigh.

"Good, it's all the way in, this one doesn't go too deep." Jason teases. "Try to push it out now."

I take a deep breath and try to let my asshole open up wide, I feel my anus slowly start to spread as the toy inside of me pulls itself back out, the feeling is really weird but great. It's like pooping without the pain or the smells. It's awesome. I can't push it out though and it slides all the way back inside. I try with a little more force but it seems to get stuck. Dammit Vaine! Remember how to take a shit dammit! It's only been two months since I pooped last how is it that my anal muscles have weakened this much? Jason smiles as he sees me struggling to basically dump his toy out of my ass.

"You have no idea how fucking good you look like this," He says to me with an evil smile. "So hot... your ass is beautiful."

I smile as my arousal continues to build. The toy is still stuck in my rectum though, it doesn't want to come out. I think I can make it go away, so I start pushing down more and more forcefully and I hear the toy sliding along my buttcheeks. Then it's finally gone as my butthole lets out a little tiny gush of air with no scent. So strange. I sigh with relief knowing that the metallic nub is out of my butt.

I hear Jason laugh at my reaction and he removes another buttplug from the cardboard box. This one... is plastic I think and has a pump attached to it? What? I don't understand. I've never seen this kind of plug before. I don't know what he's thinking. He teases my anus again, oh god this plug is almost twice as big. I can feel my asshole being stretched wide as Jason slowly tries to push it in. I cry out in blissful pleasure as the plug slides through my anal cavity. I feel Jason stop for a second, I can feel the thick buttplug as it moves into my bowels and my whole body feels tingly. It's in much deeper than the other one. Oh god. Then I hear a soft gush of air as he pumps it into my rectum through the toy. Oh god this feels like I have to take a massive fart! Oh oh fuck it hurts. So weird! It's too much! I try to hold myself back but...

The plug pops out of my ass. And a massive fart wave blasts forth. Again it doesn't smell but damn this is super embarrassing, my whole body would turn bright red if it could.

"Damn girl..." Jason laughs while rubbing the buttplug between his fingers, "You got some serious gas!"

"You fucking pig." I retort. "How is blasting air up my butt supposed to help me take in cocks?"

"It's not." Jason laughs. "I just find your butthole pulses to be very cute, it looks like it's breathing. I think we're ready now."

He lubes up his cock with the same anal stuff he gave to me and he cries out instantly. "God damn this stuff is strong!"

His dick slides right into my asshole without a struggle. His balls are slapping against my inner thighs. I feel him slowly begin to thrust in and out. My asscheeks clench and unclench as I moan out with intense delight. My orgasm has been on a razor's edge for a while with all the buttplay, but as his cock pushes deeper into me, I feel it grow stronger. My pussy juices start flowing like a river again as I press my face into the couch cushions and moan loudly. Jason grunts with pleasure and I hear him panting like a wild mutt.

"Fuuuck! Damn Vaine, you're so tight!" He moans as he continues to thrust into me.

"Feels... Ahh... incredible." I manage to blurt out between moans.

The feeling of his cock sliding up and down my hole feels sooo good! And his balls slap into my backside repeatedly. The tip of my clit throbs against the couch, begging for attention as I urinate rather casually. My asshole feels like it's gonna tear apart from the stretching it's getting. But Jason keeps moving inside of me... and I don't wanna let him go. It feels so good being his little slut, letting him have control over my body like this. He pounds harder and faster and I can feel his testicles churning with each stroke.

"I'm going to cum!" He yells out, his breathing becomes heavier and faster and I feel him spurt his seed deep within my bowels. Oh god I've never felt anything like that before! The sensation is indescribable. I can't stop myself from shivering uncontrollably, but it only makes Jason speed up even more. He grunts hard and fast and he begins to grunt louder as I fill up with sperm. I can't hold out any longer and I cry out with euphoria as I climax while still pissing a bit.

His hips slam down and he pulls back, his cock twitching and spurting more sperm deep inside my rectum. He comes down to my side as I make room on the couch, he strokes my hair lovingly before kissing me deeply and then cuddling with me. His dick slides out of me slowly but it doesn't hurt at all anymore. Only pleasure is pouring out of me right now. Jason kisses me again and we stay like that for about 30 minutes while we recover and just enjoy each other's body head in this slutty ass store.

He gets up after some time and heads outside. He tells me to come when I'm ready for a meal. I tell him I just wanna lay here for like 10 minutes so he nods and leaves.

I flip over onto my back and look down at my crotch. It's still leaking quite a lot of fluid from both my pussy and asshole. They feel pretty swollen too from what I can tell. I get up off the couch and clean myself up as best I can with some clean rags I find in a back room. I walk outside the door to notice Jason, fully dressed again of course, cooking us up a meal on a fire he's already setup and lit.

"Figured I'd bring some of the good food I have today, considering how long this trip is going to be." He smiles, enjoying my full frontal nudity once again. "Hope it's as good as my military anthro buddies used to say."

I nod as I walk over to him and we sit down to eat together. It really does smell good... like steak but without the smoke or the charring. It's still warm and juicy, even after being cooked. It's some kinda high quality military rationed food, the kind that lasts a long time but tastes good once you mix up some bags of stuff and heat it up. I like it alot, way better than the shitty canned stuff we usually consume. After about an hour of eating slowly and relaxing, we get back on the road and head for the main bridge that separates East Dallas from... most of the rest of it.

***

When we get there... we find a monster blocking our path. The first one we've seen since Jason and I have been lovers. I step out of the truck and ready my sword. I'm gonna have to tussle in the nude, great. I can't show any physical weakness in front of Jason, even though I'm fucking terrified. It looks like a giant reptile... with porcupine-like crimson quills and a mouth full of razor sharp teeth. It's seriously disturbing and unnatural looking. It stands about 3 feet off the ground and it's easily like 7 or 8 feet long, fucker is huge. It's sickly pale skin and orange glowing eyes are the same as the cat-dog mutant thing I fought a while back.

"Vaine," Jason says with disdain, "This thing is one of the strongest monsters I've seen yet. I suggest you stay back while I handle this."

"Fuck that," I snap. "I'm not letting you fight it alone."

"Well, let's see what your pretty ass can do!" He cries out, and then charges at the beast with a sword in hand.

I feel myself unable to move as I watch Jason go. The thing is charging right towards him with its claws up ready to strike. He dodges left, then right, avoiding each of those vicious blows with ease. When he goes in to attack the mutant animal, I know he's going for the head.

He strikes the bastard right above the eyes, just under the forehead. He slices his blade down hard and it sinks deep into the mutant's flesh and blood sprays all over me and the road. Now I'm naked and covered in natural red paint, fucking gross. I run to Jason as quickly as I can, my blade drawn so that I can help cut this thing down for good. I jam my sword deep into the side of its body, hoping to somehow get lucky enough to find the core of the beast. I do not.

Instead, it cries out wildly as it regenerates and its wounds spit out our weapons as they clatter onto the road. We're suddenly surprised as the beast lets out a demonic howl and our ears literally bleed from the noise. It shoots its quills at me. Before I can think oh shit, several large ones strike me in square in the gut. My stomach hurts like hell as I'm sent flying to the ground.

Jason yells and keeps on fighting as I struggle to pull out the large barbaric needles from my flesh. Good god they hurt so much and not in a good way. They tear out more skin and muscle as I force them out but I've got to keep going, I can't stay like this for very long. After several minutes of agony and Jason continuing to slash the thing down. I manage to struggle to my feet once I fully regenerate.

This time I stab its left eye and it is completely destroyed. It screeches horribly as Jason slices off its head within the next two seconds. I'm just drenched in even more of its blood now and I feel awful. Jason quickly cuts into the mutant's abdomen and pulls out it's core and the beast is finally put down once Jason crushes it his palm. I see him absorb the soul energy and I sigh. I wasn't able to get it for myself. Damn.

"Are you alright?" He asks concernedly.

I smile and shake my head. "You're much stronger than me."

"Yeah no shit." He snorts. "But even still man this monster fuck gave me alotta trouble. I couldn't find an opening without you so... thanks."

Once he finishes taking in the essence of the creature and cleans off our weapons, I take a dip in the river to get all the blood off of me. It's unpleasant and the water feels cold but at least I'm not covered in viscera for any longer than I need to be. We get in his truck once I dry off with some towels he brought with us and we proceed towards my old school.

We drive slowly for about an hour before we finally reach our destination, which looks about the same as I did when I left it a mere few days after the Sentinel invasion. It feels weird to see my original base again but at least I finally get my stuff back from the girl's locker room. We take a flashlight for each of us and head inside, since the power went out long ago and the change room is pitch black.

"So this is where you slept at the beginning hmm?" Jason says as he admires my naked form for the ten thousandth time today.

"Yep." I say with a grin. "I showered, pissed and slept in the same place. How efficient of me."

"Well let's go then." He replies with a smirk. "The sooner we find what we're looking for and get outta here, the better."

I grab a dufflebag full of my clothes. It's my favorite panties, bras, heavy metal T-Shirts and black leather pants. The second bag I grab has my phone and CD's in it, along with a few other posters and mementos from my bedroom at my house. I shove the backpacks into the rear of the truck and we make our way back to Jason's base for supper. It takes us quite a bit less time to get home, since we know the road is clear now so he drives somewhat quicker.

I have to say the day with me as a nudist... went pretty well. But god damn my pussy is very sore and my butthole is numb. Not to mention the bloodloss from our mutant fight. I'm surprised I can still walk straight. But I did lose my anal virginity and gained yet another new sexual obsession. Just chalk it up onto the list with the rest of them I guess. Once I get inside I gladly slip on a pair of blue panties and one of my metalcore T-Shirts, one that features an owl and a skull and like a burning tree I think.

"What'dya say we cook a real dinner tonight?" Jason asks me as I leave our bedroom and enter the pool area.

"Sure sounds good to me!" I reply enthusiastically. "What'd you have in mind?"

He leads me to a campfire he's made outside and roasting on a spit... is a hunk of meat which I assume is from that lizard-porcupine fuck we killed today. It looks... not as disgusting as you'd think.

"Don't worry I've removed all the quills. I've eaten plenty of the monsters before they usually taste pretty damn good." Jason assures me.

"When did you even get the meat?" I question with confusion.

"When you were cleaning the blood off of your boobs." Jason quips.

"Oh. Yeah that makes sense." I have no comment worthy of reply.

I sit down near him on a nearby wooden crate with a cushion on it as he starts cutting up some of the cooked flesh to make some kinda pulled pork. Although I guess it is technically pulled... porc. Pronounced the same but very different meats. English is strange. I notice a bottle of tequila and some actual limes next to a large cooler. Wonder how he got those.

"I figured we'd need something to cut the taste of this thing." Jason explains while I'm staring at his dick. "And hey you want some beer or whiskey too? Or maybe something else? Just don't expect any fancy shit."

I ask for a beer and he hands me one. We enjoy some nice hot juicy meat that's not our private parts and it tastes absolutely delicious. Makes me wish we had more wildlife to hunt around here but I guess we'll have to settle with the occasional mutant treat for now.

Tonight was a full moon on Friday, July 18th, 2008. We know because our crystal AI cores kept track of the local time through the internet, we just never cared to check before tonight. Neither of us knew that within two weeks, we'd both be in the most intense fight of our lives. But for tonight, we just enjoyed the sight of the full moon and the feeling of a warm meal inside of us... one of the last we'd have for a seemingly long while.

&&

*033*2023-01-14 11:48

Hello all. Chapter 6 is another filler chapter. lol. I know I said I'd have plot in this one but ehh, I was enjoying writing sex scenes too much lol.

Don't worry, chapter 7 will make up for it. The story structure has been shifted around, broken and resettled a few times. But I think I finally have the pieces figured out. Basically chapter 7 is gonna be what I originally intended like chapter 5 to be but well, that didn't happen lol. As a result, chapter 7 is going to be very dark. So much so that it'll be the first chapter of this story so far besides the prologue where I'll give a warning ahead of time.

For all those who've enjoyed the series so far, I appreciate all of you. I hope I can do this story justice now since... we'll be getting to the first very important part soon. Well the second I guess, prologue was very important too.

I'm aware that the setting is getting rather stale. Not much else I can do with a ruined city right now. But don't worry, we'll have a new setting coming up.

Lastly, Chapter 7 will probably take quite abit more time to come out, we'll see. I want to spend more time on it and make sure it's as good as it can be, since I've had the major scene of it in my head for years. I don't wanna hype myself up but lol.

Anyway, hope ya'll enjoy the buttstuff, I love buttstuff.

Much love,

~ Vaine Steele

*035*2023-01-18 00:52

Warning! This chapter is dark and deeply disturbing. Reader discretion is advised.

Chapter 7: All Things Must Come to an End

Morning. I woke up feeling very strange today. I had the weirdest dream last night. No it wasn't a dirty one, surprisingly enough. It's one of those things where I know it was extremely bizarre... and yet I cannot remember a moment of it. So frustrating. Like a piece of the puzzle that doesn't quite fit or an adorable bra that's the wrong size.

Anyway, today is Saturday July 19th. You may wonder why I'm being so formal. Well, I thought I would just explain some things today, since Jason and I have finally worked out some sorta schedule that we plan on starting off tomorrow with.

What? That's boring? So true.

But I'd thought I'd mention it anyway. Not really sure why now that I think about it. Oh well... lets get started with the mostly exposition chapter, I'm sure it'll be interesting, probably. Tuesdays and Thursdays, we are gonna train with each other and spar in combat with none of our Reaper abilities turned on. That last monster encounter showed both of us that our swordplay is god awful. Like shit tier bad. So hopefully, with some practice and online video tutorials we can change that, in time.

Mondays and Wednesdays we'd spend looting stuff we need which could be anything from clothing to food to weapons to dildos- I mean fuel.

Fridays we will take the time to like clean the base up and stuff, that was the plan at least. I didn't like the sound of that but whatever. 

Saturdays would be the day we had to ourselves. We could spend it doing whatever we wanted on individual tasks or recreation. Jason and I were already planning our separate activities for that day but I'll get more into that later. 

Sundays well, you could guess what Sundays would be.

Sunday worship, duh. Meaning that Jason and I would kneel before each other all day and have a date/fuck day.

If I'm being completely honest we'll probably make love during most of our training and looting days as well but you know, who knows. And that... was supposed to be our plans for the next six months or until the winter came or whatever. Which, winter in the desert, is really just cold... not much rain as usual but cold as hell. At least it was for me ok? I've never seen snow except like on TV or that fake cotton stuff whenever Santa came to the mall. Neither of which were real.

Sorry to burst your bladder but Mr. and Mrs. Claus are a lie. Apologies for ruining your life.

As I said, we had a plan. But we didn't know it'd only last like a week in a half before it fell through, which we will get to. Anywho... I guess the first eventful thing I can talk about is the first Saturday on the new daily docket, the 26th. Phew, almost had another lame ass Christmas jokes just write itself. Dodged a bullet there. Well on that day, Jason took off early in the morning. He said he wanted to fish in the river to see if he could catch something. I didn't even know he had a rod. Insert penis joke here. I guess him and his alcoholic father went on fishing trips in the now aptly named Piss Truck.

Hehehe.

He took a portable radio walkie talkie with him so we could still keep in contact if we needed to. But yeah I guess if we're gonna do some kinda hunting in this fucking city... the river would be our best bet at some kind of fresh meat. As for myself, I decided to reorganize one of the abandoned classrooms into a recreational kind of room. I had Jason help me yesterday on our cleaning day to clear it out and he moved some stuff in here for me... now it was up to me to put it all together.

I put a media stand along one wall and plopped a TV on top. It's not a very big one since I couldn't lift it but you know, big enough, almost 40 inches. I hook up a PS3 to it, along with a DVD player. I spend like 45 minutes dragging an ugly ass green couch from the teacher's lounge into my makeshift girlcave. I tear down a bunch of ugly ass educational posters and replace them with my own that I looted from my bedroom all those weeks ago. They're kind of crumply and torn but I don't care, it's nice to see them hung up again. A reminder of... a different time.

Anyway I spend like an hour playing Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare. After that I get kinda bored. Oh well. These games can only get better with time right? Or I guess they would have but the invasion happened. Welp. I read some manga that I looted from a book store, about some magical fairy girl name Futsu learning how to be brave and better at love. It sounds corny as hell when I say it out loud but it's actually funny and cute. I like it.

No, I'm not gonna write a Futsu spinoff fanfiction where she fights ogres on mars no matter how much you want to read that... although actually... nah nope shitty idea.

After reading for a couple hours I decide to watch some random porno from a DVD. I've never seen porn before or at least not alot until recently so... yeah. It was a kinky one where an evil medieval warlord kept slaves in his underground sex dungeon. The roleplay for this was unreal and the acting and video quality were ass... but a couple of the sex scenes were quite nether warming. I enjoyed masturbating to one scene and pissing on the couch afterwards, that felt great.

What you want me to go into more explicit detail? Sorry can't. I don't have time for sex scenes right now, need more plot in this chapter. Go read the earlier ones if you need a wank or a rub you filthy animal you.

In the evening, Jason came back home with like four decent sized fish. I was very surprised. We enjoyed a nice warm meal on the fire once again and had a great evening together. On Sunday we had our date and you know, buttfucked and pissed on each other, the usual.

Yay more buttstuff! I'm always down for that day or night.

We thought this rather nice life in this horrible fucking place would go on for a long while and that we'd have the anal sex all the time... but we were wrong.

***

On Wednesday, we went to loot further south in the city than we ever have before. And yes I meant literally, not sexually. I just can't stop can I? I should mention that it's been weeks since we've seen a single Sentinel. The last ones we saw were... the day we got trapped underground. Huh. Odd. Anyways, on our way to scout out new buildings for possible loot... we came across something just off of a major road and in a nearby ditch of sorts.

A massive crudely dug tunnel that seemed like it was the entrance to hell or something. We both knew what this was... judging from all the skeletons and dried blood around. We couldn't even see the sidewalk that should have been beneath our boots, the foul soil around the burrow was covering it too well. Clearly this had been here for a while... we just hadn't been here to see it yet.

"This... is this where all the mutant monster fuckfaces have been coming from?" I ask what we already kind of know.

"Judging from it's size and all the nasty scents of viscera in the air... probably." Jason replies with a glint of regret.

We each take a handgun that we barely know how to use and a short sword that we've only had 3 separate days of practice with. Well we sparred with wooden ones but damn it feels a lot different in terms of... everything like weight and balance and shit.

"Why're we taking the shorter swords?" I tilt my head in mild confusion.

"Because in a tight underground space, longer swords can easily get nicked on the walls and prevent us from swinging them with our full strength." Jason explains.

Oh. Duh. I'm an idiot. Of course that makes sense.

We take about 4 cans of food with us each along with a generous amount of water. We don't know how deep this tunnel goes but if there's a way to stop the influx of monsters from coming out we've got to find it.

"Can't we just collapse the filthy entrance and be done with this?" I practically beg as try to weasel my way out.

"The creatures could just dig themselves out another hole, clearly. We've gotta kill whatever or whoever is breeding these fuckers. I don't wanna go underground again either but we don't have a choice. Unless you wanna go back home and let me do this on my own."

"Not a chance fuckface." I reply bitterly and with some kind of twisted affection. "I'm coming with you."

We both make sure our weapons and gear are ready to go. Besides the short swords, Jason takes an axe and a military knife. I strap a couple small blades to my belt as well. He also brings some rope in case we need it. We both have several flashlights so unless divine intervention happens we should hopefully be good on that front. We're both wearing makeshift body armor, which is basically just shoulder and knee pads stitched to a slightly reinforced jacket and cargo pants. We don't have much else for protection, not even any condoms.

Ahem, anyways, after that I drop my pants and we both piss for like a good minute or two, nothing kinky I swear. We then bite the metaphorical bullet and begin to make our descent into the creepy ass cave. Not really a cave... more like Satan's rotting butthole my god it smells awful. Like imagine the worst shit you've ever dumped and multiply that by like 12, maybe 13. It's so fucking bad that my eyes water constantly and I have to keep rubbing them in order to see. As I feel along the inner walls of the Devil's vaginal canal I occasionally feel a loose bone or piece of gooey flesh. Fucking nasty. After like ten minutes, the worst of the worst smells die down... but it still smells like several dozen rodent babies died in here and then had an undead orgy.

Fuck I hate this. Remember what Jason was talking about earlier when he said we don't wanna come back underground? Ughh. I can't see shit even if it walked in here wearing a dress. It's been only like 30 minutes since we made our way down into this tunnel and I already regret it. The prolific stench is so strong that I'm starting to feel a bit woozy from breathing it in. And the ground is getting sloppier and filthier. I'm glad I'm wearing my thick leather boots right now or else this would be so much worse for my feet.

Suddenly, the mushiness starts to end, even if slowly. After about 20 minutes we've gone from gross mud to dry arid turds, great. About an hour after that we've finally come across our destination... a metallic mostly circular hole in the wall. It's lit up and there's electricity here inside whatever this facility is.

What?! Did we just stumble into a Resident Evil porno parody or something? Was that in the script? I'm not... seeing it here. Oh no wait there it is. Fuck my life this is creepy.

Jason and I decide that it's a good time to rest a tinch and chomp down on some nourishment, so we do. At least the pudginess of the nasty smells has gone from like an eleven to about a four so it's not too bad anymore. We finish eating, cast the cans the fuck away and make our way through the secret bunker as I follow Jason closely, he's the navigation "expert" afterall.

The first room we come across is filled with a bunch of dry bones. Some old iron bars... a cell of some kind? A huge fucking hole in the ground leads out of it and goes to god only knows where. The second room was nothing but more of the same, except the bones were more fresh and covered in dried blood. But after another half hour we hit the jackpot.

We enter what looks to be a lab. All kinds of medical equipment and shit is spread everywhere. There's even huge canisters full of bubbly liquid with sleeping... or perhaps dead monsters inside oh god, just like in those old horror movies you used to see. This was no film though. Also it smells. Really fucking bad. Like piss and shit. In fact, we notice that there is old caked piss around floor grates that lead to.. who knows what... and there's also a bunch of old turds piles scattered about. When I point this out to Jason I'm pretty sure he steps in one without noticing.

"Fucking shit." He scoffs.

"Don't fuck shit, it's bad for your health." I tease as I laugh slightly. Nice to have some amusement around here.

"When we get outta here I'm tossing all this clothing out in some random dumpster and never touching it again." Jason growls, still clearly annoyed.

"I'm with you there." I sigh and shake my head. "Clearly someone is still pissing and shitting here. Fucker is clearly still... working on these mutants."

Jason takes his axe in his hand as I wield my short sword, we're ready to fight if anything tries to take us by surprise. There are a couple more cages and some other rooms that we go into until we come to a big one at the end of the hall. We pass by alot less excrement, I guess whoever lives here mostly just shits in the first room we came in. Lovely.

As we open the next passageway we see what appears to be a laboratory table. Dozens upon dozens of vials of a faintly glowing red liquid sit on and around it. Some are full, others are empty but most are somewhere in between. Whatever this fluid is, it's clearly being produced here somehow.

There's also a large steel box sitting beside them, probably full of it. A few dozen feet away there is a huge hallway that leads deeper into the facility, the lights are bright in this room and aren't faded at all unlike the ones we've seen before. The entire area is quite clean for how disgusting the rest of this place is, minus the scattered marrow and occasional small tunnels in the walls of course.

"We must be getting closer." Jason comments. "Let's keep going."

We leave the area and move on deeper into the base, making sure not to step on any cast away bones that might have fallen. After we've walked far enough we enter a much smaller room with a single metal door at the end of the hallway. Someone can clearly be heard now, they have to be just on the other side of this entryway. As we approach... it slowly slides open.

Inside is an older male rat surrounded by his lab equipment. He's distilling and mixing the same liquid we saw before, it glows pink before it slowly turns itself into a deep red color as it mixes itself up.

He looks over at us and doesn't look surprised in the least. His eyes are each a different color. One is red the other one is pink.

"About time you intruders got here. I was beginning to wonder if you had gotten lost." He speaks in a high pitched and sickly voice. "I guess you're here to kill me. Met a few of my pets on the outside that pissed you off hmm?"

'This anthro is a flawed Reaper!' My AI Core basically shouts at me, I'm sure Jason's has done the same thing. 'Be careful he's highly dangerous! He's an enemy of The Creators! The usual laws of us killing Reapers don't apply to imperfect failures. Kill him now!'

Jason runs at him extremely quickly with his axe as he yells wildly. What the hell is he thinking?!

"Shame that you don't wanna talk." The rat says in an annoyed tone. "No matter, you'll be useful for my research anyways."

Our enemy holds out his right hand and within an instant a surge of lightning hits Jason dead center in the chest. He's sent flying into a wall as it cracks around his broken body.

"JASON!" I yell, still haven't moved yet.

The rat looks at me and practically smiles. "Hmm... you are both Reapers hmm? I honestly never thought I'd meet more of you."

I try to hold up my sword but my hand is shaking too much. I can't move my legs, I'm too scared. Dammit Vaine! Move your ass girl! This guy is super strong... He knocked Jason out of the fight almost instantly. So what am I supposed to do?

"I have to say you are a very pretty young lady." The rat looks me over, pretty sure in a perverted manner. "How would you like to be my assistant in the lab? Plenty of grown food and natural security here. You'd have a good life with me."

My hands are still frozen, but I manage to force them down and grab the hilt of my short sword.

"Oh please, come on you know you want it." He laughs maniacally. "I'm so much older and... experienced than you. Although my toilets clogged long ago so you'd have to shit in rooms far from our living space, like I do. Afraid the showers no longer work either but no matter, you'll get used to the smells pretty quickly."

"Shut the fuck up!" I growl back at him.

He just laughs more as he raises his arms to his sides. "What is this?" He asks. "You can't even attempt to touch me with your weapon? Are you really that weak?"

Anger courses through my veins. This guy is almost exactly like Jason. Haughty and insane. Both of them look down on me and consider me to be beneath them. I'm reminded of why I hate both of them... why do I like Jason again?

Oh right penis. Durr.

"No matter... I'm so close to discovering how to break The Creator's control over us..." He rambles. "Once I do... we can be the ones in charge."

My mind goes from anger to curiosity in an instant.

"What- What are you talking about?" I stammer.

"Oh dear I've said too much." The pisswater creep suddenly frowns. "I'm afraid I can't let you leave here again, least not until my research is complete. Don't worry, you won't be in a cage like your friend uhh Jason will be. I should be able to crack this puzzle before I break him open completely."

I glare at him. "You two should get married. Like two peas in a fucking pod you guys are."

"Oh?" The rodent smirks slightly again. "He insults and bullies you and you somehow find that attractive? Interesting. Not surprising though... the conversion process for sure fucks with our original personalities."

"I have no idea what you're talking about." I say aloud as I manage to take a few steps forward.

How the fuck did he know what I like? The fuck?

"Of course you don't. No matter." The parasite looks dead serious again. "Time to end our little scuffle I guess."

The flawed Reaper slowly moves forward. His hand is still held up and is glowing faintly blue again, I have a feeling I know what his plan is going to be. But I get one as well. I don't like it but I don't have any other options.

"You should just submit to me." He taunts me and cackles. "It'll all go easier that way. I don't really want to hurt you, it's just so easy sometimes. You're really pretty... we could have so much fun together."

I hold my sword up in front of my chest, trying not to flinch as I move to the side. I need to get closer. If he hits me now... I'm screwed. I have to keep him talking... the longer he's distracted the better.

"Oh yeah? You know... I've had abit of time to think about it and..." I suddenly change my tone, I hate myself for doing this.

He raises an eyebrow at me as I pull off my jacket and shirt, revealing my black bra underneath them. And I do mean reveal. Jason would love how tight it hugs my tits.

I walk around in front of the smelly sewer-born scientist, trying to be as seductive as possible with my steps without going overboard. This is so stupid. I shouldn't be here... but Jason had to go and lose the fight within seconds so... I don't have a choice if I want to live and be free from this lowlife piece of shit.

My eyes are glued on his eyes as I continue stripping. I unbutton my pants and let them fall to the floor, showing off my black panties. He can't even look away from my figure long enough to blink.

"You want me to let my guard down so you have a chance to stab my guts out huh? Such a basic primitive brained plan, which I should expect coming from a woman." He sneers. "Well it's not going to work... no matter how fucking attractive you are."

I toss my sword toward's the fucker casually and it clatters near his foot.

"I don't wanna kill you." I lie. "I'm way too curious about how your tongue would feel on my anus for that."

His eyes widen in surprise and he takes a step back. "You're actually going to..."

I take one more step forward and then another. I basically force him to sit down with his back against a cabinet by getting very close to him. His bodyheat is so musky and gross. He smells like he hasn't showered for weeks. HIs clothes may be clean but he's filthy as hell. Gah I fucking hate this so much. I turn my rear end to his face and press my asscheeks against his mouth. He just sits there and laughs, unaware of the fact that he just lost. If he didn't underestimate me like the sexist prick he seems to be, he may have been on his guard more. But my sexually stunning body worked out in my favor this time.

With a loud grunt I turn on my Toxic Flatulence skill and squeeze my inner colon muscles together with all my might. A large fart exits my butthole and blasts the fucking rat in his pathetic rotten face. He screams in agony as he claws at the air blindly trying to grab me but I've already rolled away towards my sword. His face is completely inflamed from the toxic poisonous gas and his eyes are pretty fucked up but he's healing. In about five seconds he'll be able to see me again and strike me down easily.

"You fucking bitch ass cunt! I'll fucking end you!" He screeches as he blasts lightning around wildly, missing me each and every time. Guess unless he aims it correctly it's a useless skill.

"Oh dear what am I to do with you?" I say rather playfully as my panties hang around my hips loosely from the anal impact they encountered. "Game over."

I jam the blade deep into his neck. He tries to resist but he cannot. I push it in until I sever his brain stem and he goes limp. I go over to Jason's body. He's pretty fucked up, his head impaled on a wall. But I can peel him off later once I take what's mine. I grab his discarded axe and walk back to the ratfuck's body. I swing at his chest over and over again, looking for his core. As I'm doing this it only now hits me that my most dangerous foe I've faced so far... was indirectly killed by my butt fart. Please don't put that on mugs and hoodies and... bumper stickers.

Thankfully his crystal heart is right where I think it is, although unlike mine, his is not glowing faintly at all, like it's been turned off or something.

'This anthro lost his connection to The Creators and therefore his life functions are forfeit. We can safely eat his core without punishment.'

I'm very nervous, like when I lost my virginity. But this is worse. I have no idea how my body will react to such a large influx of souls at once. My Soul Energy Resistance ability is level 3 but that may not be enough. Oh well. I want this power... I need it more than Jason does.

Risk it for the biscuit I guess.

I take a deep breath as I force the core down my throat. Within seconds I feel an agonizing burning sensation and I collapse onto the ground on my knees and hands. I try to scream but I cannot. Suddenly my entire body is engulfed in a dark red flame and I can no longer feel anything except the intense heat. My panties and bra are burned to a crisp, as is the rodent's blood splatter on my skin and fur.

Fuck! Dammit oh my god this is the worst pain ever! Shit fuck!

My singed furcoat melts off of me. I can see huge clumps of it fall to the ground along with chunks of my peeled flesh. This is it. This is how I'm actually going to die.

I'm ignited for like ten more seconds which feels like an eternity... and then the fire suddenly stops. I finally manage to cry out in an agonizing scream as my charred body howls with pain from every conceivable angle. My body fully regenerates within about thirty to forty seconds as the pain slowly eases and then vanishes within that timeframe. Holy hell that was awful. I never thought pain could get that bad. I'm surprised I stayed conscious if I'm being blunt.

And now I'm naked away from home, again. Bad habit I know.

'52658 SP gained.'

Holy shit... so that's how painful 52K souls is? Damn man. If I had lower Soul Energy Resistance I'd be dead now wouldn't I?

'Yes. Probably.'

Damn. Get that higher then please. Spend all the souls we can.

'Done. Soul Energy Resistance Level 7 unlocked. 989.30 SP to spare.'

Do we have enough to unlock Toxic Flatulence level 2? If so, do so I guess. Save the rest of the souls for now.

'Toxic Flatulence level 2 unlocked. 23.09 SP remaining.'

Damn so we're running on empty now huh? Alright. I take a big drink of water from my backpack and get dressed again. I'm going commando now since my underwear literally incinerated but lets not tell Jason ok? Kay good. I unimpale him from the wall and his wounds heal up almost instantly, like within four or five seconds he opens his eyes again. Damn mate why the rush? He coughs up blood and spit as he reorients himself.

"Don't worry, the rat bastard is dead." I comfort Jason without touching him. "We can leave now. I suppose there may still be some loose beasts out there in the city but I've killed their maker so... no more will spawn."

He doesn't respond, instead he rummages through his supplies and takes a big gulp of water as well, coughing more afterwards.

"You ok?" I ask, unsure if he'll say anything.

"I'm fine." He grunts after about ten seconds of silence. "Just need a minute... I'm baffled that you beat him while I was unconscious."

"Yeah..." I say in a low voice. "He thought he could easily me because I'm a girl. You and him had that in common."

Jason looks down at the floor. "It's just hard for me to comprehend that I lost a fight so quickly. I'm done with underestimating my foes. That's a bad habit that I need to break quickly. Did he say anything to you?"

"No." I lie again. "Just the usual evil doctor crap of cleansing the world for the next stage of evolution or some shit, I wasn't really listening to his rambling."

Without much else to say, we left the lab. It took us about an hour in a half because we were so tired but yeah. I pissed my pants twice and didn't really enjoy it. Pretty sure Jason did at least once as well but that may just be my lingering post-bathroom scent playing tricks with my brain. When we finally got to the surface the sun was low on the western horizon. We had a meal, our second of the day and stripped off our filthy clothes and just left them on the side of the road. Jason didn't question where my underwear vanished to, he may not have even noticed. Neither of us were in the mood for the hippy-hippy bang bang so Jason just drove us straight home. We went to bed after a few hours of silence. We also enjoyed a nice and satisfying evening urination and we were relieved in more ways than one. The monster threat... was over. No more could be made. Least we hoped that was the case.

Regardless the next day the 31st... everything would change forever. That's not an exaggeration.

***

That morning was pretty much the same as always. We got up, cleaned ourselves up the best we could with spare water we transported from the river and got dressed. Today was Thursday so, it was a day we planned for combat training. However, right after our morning meal, we saw three Sentinels walk up... or float up rather, to us. These were the first ones we'd seen in over a month so... we were pretty surprised.

As I said months ago, these things kind of looked like Velociraptors... with scorpion tails. Well they still do but now they have no legs. They're simply flying through the air I think, very close to the ground sure, but hovering. If one looks closely enough at their bottom parts you can see like near invisible pulses of silent energy that are keeping them upright somehow. But anyways.

"Jason and Vaine." One of them spoke in a generic monotone robot voice. "Please come with us. The Creator requests your presence."

I didn't even know these chunk of bolts could talk! What in the pickle dicks is going on?!

A small white egg shaped... space pod thingy lands beside them, almost as quietly as a hummingbird flapping its wings. A small curved rectangular hatch opens up in the front of it. It wouldn't be out of place in a Men In Black movie, like those uncomfortable seats that Will Smith had to sit in during those written tests? Yeah like those, only bigger. Anyway... there is just enough room for me and Jason to sit side by side, facing each other. So we do as we're told and get inside. Almost as soon as my ass touches the cushions, we take off effortlessly and are flying rapidly through the air. I don't feel any turbulence or anything it's very strange.

We land within a minute and since the only window is attached to the hatch, we didn't see what was outside until it opens. The red Sentinel spaceship... has landed on the ground. And there's a brand new massive building beside it, like something straight out of a sci-fi movie. It looks like a gigantic football stadium or something from the outside but that's not even an ideal way to describe it. It's almost entirely white and silver as the metal reflects the sunlight very well. I'd say it looks... pretty? So much so that I can't look at it for too long. We're led to an area near the entrance of the ship which is still closed by the way.

We see like some kind of circular metallic pedestals on the ground. Jason counts thirteen of them. The Sentinels instruct us to stand on top of one of them, so we do. We're then told to wait for the others and that they won't be long. Okay? But what are we doing here? I still don't understand... other than the fact that there's probably eleven other Reaper recruits that are on their way here to meet the same Creator we are? Maybe? I don't know.

Surely enough within like ten minutes, more pods start showing up. I'm glad I peed before coming here. As the other Reapers arrive, I notice that they range in age from very young to old and they're mostly male. I assume they're from other areas of the country that the Sentinels invaded but I couldn't tell you for certain. By the time all thirteen of us arrive about an hour later, there's four women and nine men. Sausage fest anyone? Anyways, some of us talk, most of us do not. I'm one of the ones who don't, although Jason gets chatty with someone beside us, a big fucking bulky male bear with dirty blonde fur and bright red long hair. He's super tall, I think he said he's 7'6" which damn, would make him almost two feet taller than me like holy shit balls.

Regardless once we're all here, we're told to politely shut the fuck up and everyone quiets down, even the young pup here who can't be more than 8 or 9 does so. We all orient ourselves towards the ship's massive ass door and it slowly slides open. This is it. Finally something is happening. The interior of the ship is full of various shades of red. An older looking alien dressed in what looks like a fancy dragonscale business suit... walks out. He has pure white hair and his eyes practically glow blue.

My first thought was that he was so ugly... and not an anthro at all. My second thought was oh shit can he read my mind?

'No. Hush. Be respectful to our lord and god.'

Oh ok phew... dodged a permadeath there. He looks at all of us and smiles lightly.

"Welcome my Reaper recruits." He speaks in a strong authoritative and yet soft-spoken voice. "It's nice to finally see you all face to face. I am your Father and your Creator, you may refer to me as either one if you so wish. The thirteen of you before me here today have done well to survive this far. This is the most we've gotten out of a single primitive world's singular country so, you all should be very proud of that."

His words should sound condescending but they're somehow not, he sounds genuine.

"The building we've constructed here has taken our Sentinels three in a half months to build. It'll be your home for the next year as you train directly under my guidance. We'll talk about it more in a bit. I realize that almost all of you don't know each other. You needed not worry though, we'll all be a family soon enough. Everyone just has two more trials to overcome."

A single Sentinel holding a sleek white briefcase walks up to Father. He opens it once the robot positions it horizontally. Inside are several vials of a deep blue liquid. He takes one of them and holds it in front of him.

"Your first major test is to drink this serum. It has been painstakingly prepared for you all for this day." Our Overlord explains. "Who would like to go first?"

"I will!" The young wolf boy enthusiastically shouts.

"Kyla, alright." Father smiles warmly as he walks up to him and hands him the vial. "Be sure to drink it all in one go now."

The young boy nods hyperactively. Father steps away as he gulps it down quickly. Within a second the boys expression changes from pure joy... to horrifying terror. He screams loudly as his body is engulfed in an intense red light and he melts away almost instantly, only thing left of him is a bubbling mess on the pedestal that he once stood on. Some of us look over in shock, others just scoff while a few laugh. Myself... I keep a neutral face but inside... I'm fucking terrified.

"What the hell?!" One of the three other female Reaper's yells, a alligator woman I think. Maybe she's a crocodile I can never tell the difference at a glance.

"He simply failed the test." Father looks at her sadly. "It is disappointing but it happens."

"Fuck this!" She shouts wildly as she steps off her pedestal and begins to walk away. "I'm out."

"Shame." Father states with a hint of sorrow as another anthro follows her.

Within an instant, both of their chests collapse in on themselves like some kind of miniscule microscopic blackhole was triggered inside of them and the remains of their limbs fall onto the concrete. Oh god. We're down to 10 of us now.

"That was... unsightly I apologize." Our Creator speaks to all of us again. "They didn't leave me any choice in the matter."

He holds up another dose. "Who's next?"

Jason says he'll take it, so within like ten seconds he does. As he takes it inside the ass I mean his mouth... nothing happens. Not a damn thing. He looks over at me with that shit-eating grin of his. Dammit.

"Good. That's how it's supposed to go." Father nods his head with approval. "Next one please."

One by one everyone tries to take the concoction. Only one more anthro dies instantly, a few of them cough loudly and spit up loads of blood and mucus but they live. The rest seem to have no issues. The last vial.. is for me... the 13th, I mean 11th, one. I almost died yesterday from too much soul consumption and yet here we go again. Oh boy. I have to hope that Soul Energy Resistance Level 7 is enough to for me to survive. If not... guess I finally go to whatever afterlife exists. Or I just float lifelessly in the void of space who the fuck knows. I really don't want to find out.

"Vaine. Here you go." My Creator speaks to me directly for the first time. "You can do it. I have faith in you."

I blush for some reason as he speaks to me. My anti-social behavior is back in full force.

"Thank you Father." I reply as I take the small phial into my hand.

Ok... here we go. I quaff it down in one go. Instantly I feel a burning sensation deep within my chest. Oh shit please not now. I spit up blood, alot of it. My head hurts like a mothertrucker and I go down onto one knee. I feel like I'm going to explode as my vision turns red. However, within the next I dunno, five or ten seconds the horrific interior heat stops and my headache goes away. I manage to stand up on my own.

'100,000 souls consumed.'

Phew... I did it. 100K?! Damn mate.

"Good." Our god states as he walks back to his original position. "You will use those souls for something later, hold onto them for now. There are nine of you left. While that's not ideal, a few losses are sadly expected. We will move onto the second and final test. Vaine would you like to go first, since you went last for the initial one?"

No way fuck I don't wanna.

"Sure..." I blurt out.

Way to go girl. Nice going.

"Excellent. Follow the Sentinel into the building and go into the room your instructed to go to. You'll know what to do once you are there." Father gets to the point rather quickly.

I follow the Sentinel that seemed to pop up out of nowhere, leaving everyone else behind to stand around awkwardly. We enter a small door in the side of the building. Within a minute, no joke, it leads me into a small gray room. What I see greatly surprises me.

Both of my parent's... wearing filthy tattered clothes... are on their knees. Their hands are bound behind their backs. There's an end table that stands like four feet off of the ground right next to the door, with a pistol the on top of it. The room has nothing else in it. My parents look up at me and are extremely surprised to see my face.

"Vaine?" My mother peeps out through bloodshot tear strewn eyes. "Is... is that you?"

I don't reply. I simply look at her... so pitiful looking.

"We... we thought... you were dead. How'd you survive? We- were you captured too?" Mother continues to ramble. So annoying.

"Does she look like she's their prisoner you stupid bitch?" My father looks at his wife with hatred. He doesn't sound like he used to at all. He used to be a rather calm loving husband. Shame. I guess being imprisoned broke him in a completely different way.

I grab the pistol from and hold it in my hands. It's lighter than most I've held at Jason's base and it's freezing cold to the touch.

"Please don't do this! We're sorry!" Mom pleads desperately to me.

"Sorry for what?" I state rather emotionlessly.

Mother was going to answer me but my father speaks with a quiet, angry tone. "Vaine... you have always been so... selfish... but this..."

I snarl, the hatred rising within me. "What is wrong with you? You can't even talk to me properly without insulting me?"

"Dear, listen to him... please... please don't." Mother pleads again as I aim the pistol at them both. "You've changed... but you're still our daughter... please..."

"Any daughter who's killed anthros is no child of mine." My father states bitterly. "Our old life is over... aliens attacked and killed everyone and our daughter died the day we were captured. You are just a fucking parasite living inside our teenager's skin. You're not her."

The gun trembles slightly in my grip. I take a deep breath. I want to kill them both so badly.

Dominate...

Power...

Control...

"I am fucking Vaine!" I yell at them. "I'm am me and I'll kill every single person who denies my existence!"

Father simply scoffs while my mother is horrified. I pull the trigger twice and he falls over dead while my mother just screams. So loud... good lord. I shoot her three or four times and she slowly chokes on her own blood before her body stops quivering. Good.

I drop the weapon and I'm led out into a waiting room of sorts. There is a high tech monitor that I've never seen before that is showing The Creator and the eight remaining Reapers in real time outside.

"Vaine passed." Father states. "Who wants to go next?"

"Is there any reason why we can't do this exam or test thing all at once?" Some young pink cat lady is complaining. What a bitch.

"No, but this is how I've set it up." He retorts and I let out a snorting chuckle. Get owned you fucking cunt you.

"I'll go." A big silver gorilla with short white dignified hair speaks up.

"Ahh Toshia, very well then. Good luck." Was all that Father had to say.

Within two minutes and after two distinct gunshots the great ape joins me in the waiting room. He sits a few chairs away from me without so much as a hello.

"That was quick." I managed to mutter. "I'm Vaine... Vaine Steele."

"It was the logical outcome." He states calmly. "Toshia. Toshia Kamagst is my name. Although I usually prefer just T. I usually address people by the first letter in their name, so I'll call you V if that's alright with you."

I kinda like that.

"Sure." I reply rather warmly. "That's fine."

"Glad we could come to a quick agreement." Toshia replies with a slight smile.

We don't say much else. All we really do is sit around, watch the monitor and listen for gunshots. The next anthro who walked in isn't even worth mentioning. Because he failed somehow and we heard him and his former loved ones screaming like they were being torn apart by some kind of saws or something. Down to eight of us now. The next one to go in was the old lady, a thick badger woman. We heard loud shrilling high-pitched screams before three or four shots went off. It sounded like they were kids, oof. She sits down between me and Toshia. Her face looks rather neutral and I can't really read it. I don't really know what to say so I just blurt out something.

"Grandkids?" I ask.

She simply nods. "They'll have a chance in their next reincarnations. This world wasn't meant for them sadly."

A religious granny nutcase hmm? Figures. Just someone else who'll hate me for my evil heavy metal music I guess. We introduced ourselves to each other. I learned her name was Sorcha Hansal and that she was a Taoist of some sort. I didn't pay much attention after that. Toshia mentioned that religion had some health benefits but he was polite and didn't piss all over it. Speaking of which I gotta pee. I can easily hold it though. I learned that T has a surprising amount of knowledge. All in all, once all the tests were done, seven of us remained.

Me, Jason, Toshia, Sorcha, pink cunt cat lady, a dark blue raccoon who was mostly silent and of course the giant fucking manbear who I learned was named Axel. I'll get more into details on them later I'm sure. Once we were all in the room we were led into a large circular elevator which seemed to take forever to descend.

"Congratulations. You seven are now officially my children." Father again speaks in an authentic and dignified manner. "I know today was rather difficult for some of you. But you've moved past your initial trials and now your basic Reaper training can begin. You'll spend exactly one local year training here. On August 1st, 2009, your planet's time, you'll begin the war for peace and control on the world that you call Earth. That will be your graduation ceremony of sorts. On the last day of every month, you will all complete in a competition, a gauntlet to test your skills and abilities if you will. You'll be ranked and scored at the end of these events. Your standings at the end of the year long training will determine where you start your global conquest and how easy or hard it'll be for you to complete it."

That was a lot of info to take it so he pauses for like ten seconds. We good now? Alright then. Damn my bladder is uhh, kinda yelling at me right now.

"Now. Those souls I mentioned earlier. Crimson Crystalis, please use them to unlock the alchemy menu for yourselves."

A new menu pops up in my HUD, simply called Alchemy. Hmm. Yeah I should have expected that... it's exactly what he said. Dammit girl hold onto your pee pee juice!

"Alchemy is the greatest gift that we Creators can give to you, besides your new lives as honorable Reapers of course. This ability will allow you to deconstruct and reconstruct atoms from your environment to make virtually anything you need. It takes alot of time and dedication to learn every element, every compound in even the simplest of objects, which is why half of your training each day will be dedicated to it and learning what you want to as quickly as possible. The other half will be dedicated to ability and combat training. You'll have 8 hours to sleep every night, an hour to get ready in the morning, 6 hours of alchemy and 6 hours of combat training, with 2 hours during that time for bathroom and other breaks.

The last two hours of your day before will be for personal time, during which you can make use of the countless amount of amenities and recreational activities here that you desire. We'll discuss your daily meals in a bit. Fridays will be your day off for the week. You shall have a morning meal with me and then you can spend the rest of the day as you see fit. If you want to relax or train or both, your free day is up to you. If there's something in this facility we don't have that you want, which is unlikely, then let a Sentinel know and they will build it as quickly as possible."

God damn another huge info dump. I gotta dump my truck right now. If my dump was urine and my truck was my pussy... fuck.

"At noon today I will answer any and all questions you have for a few hours. Please take the couple hours before that time to acquaint yourselves to the basics of your new home. You each have your own personal quarters, which only you or those you give permission to can enter, besides Sentinels themselves of course. This is where you will sleep and access the internet if you so desire, as the world wide web throughout the rest of the facility is disabled for now. Ask any Beta Sentinel, the ones who'll do whatever you ask within reason, and they'll prepare a pod for you to travel anywhere you want to inside the megastructure. I'll see all of you in a couple of hours."

With that he leaves the elevator and we follow closely behind. God dammit I almost pissed myself. What is wrong with me and my tiny ass bladder?

'We're probably excited at the prospect of living somewhere new, which can constrict our urethral muscles, causing us to have to urinate harder than usual.'

Ok ok I didn't need an explanation. I get it. Everyone scatters very quickly going this way and that, they leave me behind.

"Does Vaine need anything?" A Sentinel sneaks up on me and nearly makes me pee again.

"Yeah uhh... please tell me my personal quarters have a... bathroom." I'm embarrassed in front of a fucking robot, get ahold of yourself V.

"Of course. One moment." He beeps and boops.

He wasn't lying either, within a few seconds the nearest single anthro pod comes down near us and it opens it's door to let me inside. I bounce around in my seat alot as we quickly fly through the massive complex. This place is legit just a massive underground city of sorts.. for seven Reapers... and a Creator. Words cannot even express how grand and epic it is. I'd take the time to enjoy the sites but you know, bulging bladder.

In less than a minute the pod lands and I stumble out. Every one of the hundreds of doors in this long open ended half hallway looks the exact same. But in front of the entrance to my room, there's a lit sign that simply says "Vaine Steele's Personal Quarters". I look to the left and right a ways away and sure enough, I see the names of a couple other Reapers above the same bland white door. I feel an intense pounding feeling in my vagina, like it's spiking a volleyball onto the hard gym floor, and I clutch it tightly. It's really hurting now. I admit, I'm horny too but fuck I still mostly hate this.

I open the door and what I see inside amazes me.

The room is adorned with tall black shelves, filled to the brim with manga and heavy metal history books and a bunch of other nerdy rocky stuff. A fancy laptop is smack dab in the middle of two of them on a desk, way more advanced than any one I've seen before. Various cool looking posters are plastered on most of the walls and my bed is huge... and unkempt. Just the way I like it. I'd admire my bedroom more right now but uhh, pretty sure I just pissed myself a little bit. Shit. In the one back corner I see another sliding door. I approach it and walk into my bathroom.

I'm greeted with a full oblong hot tub, a huge display monitor that's mimicking a sci-fi city balcony... and a round toilet that seems impossible to sit on without falling in. Seriously? Do the Creators know about my sexual kinks?!

'No. But they can see our list of abilities whenever they want to. Probably assumes you'd just prefer standing up to pee and since you don't have to poop, we don't need a toilet to sit down on. The bedroom has been catered to what Father assumes are our personal tastes, while the bathroom is more generic and is just meant to be relaxing and efficient.' My AI Core informs me as I moan loudly from the now intense nether pain.

Fuck oh god I'm turned on so much and it's barely 10 AM. I'm reminded of how much of a freak I am as I struggle to drop my pants. I strip off my jacket and shirt first, leaving my blue bra the only thing that's covering my breasts. I'm gonna piss myself soon oh god oh shit. I try to hold it but fuck... it hurts so bad. I manage to fumble and drop my pants, but seconds later urine begins to come out of me in full force.

Fuck fuck!

I quickly run to the toilet as urine dribbles onto the tiles below me and I position my blue panties over the big potty drain as my piss comes out in a tidal wave. I'm moaning and crying out like crazy, it feels so good to soak my panties with pee... My aching pussy finally feels some relief. I thank it by slipping a hand into the front of my underwear and rubbing myself like crazy. I moan more as my urine forces itself out of me. Fuck I love this. After all my bladder is basically just a massive water bottle and I'm pouring myself a big cup of hot tea right now.

Aaaah... yeah... dammit. The pleasure of pissing myself always gets me so worked up. I love the feeling of having wet panties cling onto my privates, like they're giving me oral in their own way. And oh how wonderful it is too feel the warmth of my piss slowly drip through the fabric and onto my inner thighs. It makes me even wetter.

Once the wave of my pee subsides even though my horniness does not, I pull my dirty wet panties off and slowly sink myself into my new tub. Oh god it feels so good. I can feel myself being so thoroughly cleaned and it feels amazing. I unhook my bra and cast it onto my pile of clothes and I let my hard nipples enjoy the hot water as well. I moan with pleasure. The steam feels so good on my skin and fur. I begin to play with my clit and asshole, trying to give both of my sex holes an equal amount of self love. I slip a finger inside my anus and wiggle it around, making sure my rectum has the best cleaning possible. Oh fuck it feels amazing. I insert another one into my pussy and figet with it too, spreading my juices throughout the warm water. My slit feels so full of joy that I cum really quickly. I moan loudly as I shoot loads of my girlcum into the... jizzcuzi? Nah... not naming it that.

Oh god. It was such a strong orgasm that ripped through me I can't help but smile as my entire body quakes from the pleasure. I laugh at the thought of this being my home for the next year. I can't wait to see how much stuff I can enjoy, how many sinful delicacies I will partake in. I mean yeah I'm basically back in school and that will suck but... at least it'll be training my body to be stronger. I will be tougher than them all. I'll win the 12 competitions and be the best Reaper on Earth. They'll have to respect me then.

The memory of me killing my parent's today... doesn't even enter my head. And sadly, it wouldn't for quite a long time.

*036*2023-01-19 20:51

Here it is, the chapter I've been dreading to write for a while. But it's a key part of Vaine's origin arc so here we are, hope I did it justice. I figured I'd lose readers over these three very messed up scenes in this chapter but I can safely say, this is one of the last fairly dark segments of her origin story.

The AI Art isn't perfect, it rarely is, however I love the picture of Father, which is a character I've had in my head almost as long as Vaine has been there. He was heavily inspired by Liam Neeson's performance as Ra's al Ghul in the Christopher Nolan movie Batman Begins. Only, instead of a mortal master ninja, he's an immortal god of sorts, least he thinks of himself that way.

Lastly, I debated the ethics of including Vaine's masturbation scene at the end of the chapter. It may be considered just there to tick off a box of "every chapter needs piss", but in her current state I figured it's something messed up that she would do on a day like that. I was also going to have a scene were Jason and Vaine where captured by 'The Lab Rat' and have her strapped down James Bond villain style to a table and forced to pee. It felt too rapey in my head though and therefore I didn't write it. When I originally wrote Vaine fighting a mutant animal it was a spur of the moment decision and not planned, so I apologize if it's plotline seems abruptly cut off, you aren't wrong lol. Writing action scenes, if you could even call the rat fight that, is also a weakness of mine as a writer. But this story will very soon provide a way for me to improve on that personally.

Either way lemme know what you think of the chapter if you're so inclined, plot will continue to progress but we'll have more new sex scene settings for the next few chapters so that will be fun.

~Much Love, Vaine Steele

*038*2023-01-22 23:07

Yeah as I said I'm bad at writing action scenes I tend to make them too short, something which I'll strive to improve on. I'm glad you like the picture of Father, I've made a shit ton of them but this one is the come that's come out the best so far.

