Vaine, Goddess of Death, Sexual/Peeing Adventures Throughout the Multiverse (Insanely Long Story) - Page 2

Author: Vaine Steele

*039*2023-01-31 11:33

Chapter 8: New Life, Same Kinks.

After my relaxing bath I get dressed in lacy red underwear along with a set of gothic clothing, which my new closest is full of by the way. Man it's kinda creepy how well Father knows my personal tastes. I wonder if the other six Reapers here with me feel the same way or if they just don't care. Hell they may have not even gone to their personal quarters yet. I still have another hour to kill before Father's like... I dunno... introduction talk thing? So I decide to explore the facility.

If Dallas, Texas was a 2D maze on paper... this place was a 4D spherical nightmare. Not literally but damn. Once I exit my room I realize the obvious that I don't know where anything is. That isn't a problem though because there's plenty of legless Sentinels around to ask for help. One asks me where I wanna go and I blurt out something random.

Uhh how about something inspired by a Japanese stall restaurant. You know, those ones where the protagonists of the anime go to eat noodles or ramen or whatever after a long day of fighting bad guys or something? Yeah those. To my surprise, I'm led to a replica one within minutes. Sure it's in a small room that's mimicking a Japanese back alley at night and the cook is a robot but otherwise damn they nailed the aesthetics. And the food is delicious and free, awesome. Tastes so good to have a nice warm meal again. I mean Jason occasionally cooked for us out there in the wastelands of course but now everyday I'd get to eat cooked shit! Woohoo!

Also don't fry up and eat turds, just my daily PSA to you all.

Anyway, after an awesome meal, I look at my HUD screen again and notice a menu below alchemy has opened up, simply called locations, when I click it it shows my bedroom and this restaurant. Beside each is an option to call a transport pod. Hmm. Guess it keeps track of where you've been inside the megastructure, cool.

I have about 30 minutes left so I decide to ask the Sentinels for something random. For some reason the first thing that pops into my head is a prison, so I ask if there is one. Sure enough, a pod shows up and takes me to it. It's... well... a basic American maximum security prison. Empty and creepy. I don't know what else I expected. I go to a couple more random locations, an ice cream factory and a car dealership... why the fuck is that here? Before long, a Sentinel summons me and asks me to wait somewhere for Father to come in. I'm led to a lecture hall of sorts, it's pristine, immaculately detailed, very shiny and white. I'm not one to describe architecture ok? I have no idea what I'm really looking at.

It basically looks like a miniature interior of a grand church I guess, with three rather large stained glass windows at the sides and back of the short stage. And yeah everything is either white paint, white wood, white stone or white... chair... material. God I know I'm saying white alot but that's like the only color in here! Like a fucking KKK convention... Ahem. Sorry. Please don't cancel me.

Yeah looking at it that way it's way too big for its own good. Like why not just have someplace tiny or small? There's literally only seven Reapers here.. plus an 8th Creator daddy. Oh god I'm not calling him that again. Seems like this entire underground megacity of sorts would have been built much faster if everything was made more compact. Oh well. What is life without the extravagance? I wouldn't know anymore apparently.

Everyone is sitting at or near the front row. I'm the last to arrive. Hey I'm here two minutes early ok? Fuck off. I make my way to the second row and sit down in silence. No one says a word to me. Only one back here with me is the dark blue raccoon... pretty sure he's in his early twenties but he's as quiet as I am. One of only two Reapers here whom I don't know the name of yet, well him and pink whiny cat bitch of course. The five others are obviously in the front row, most of them being chatty with each other. Toshia, the silver gorilla with white hair, is mostly quiet though, just seems to be observing everyone else from what I can tell.

Right on time, at noon exactly according to our core's clocks, Father walks out onto the podium in front of us, wearing a different suit that is almost whiter than the room we're in if that was even possible. Have to say I'm kinda tired of the fake bright lights behind the clear stained glass windows. I know were several levels underground... so this place is constantly brightly lit like we're on the surface of the fucking sun in order to project the illusion that it's daylight on the surface outside. It's fucking distracting and annoying but whatever, who cares.

"I hope you took the couple hours to get acquainted with your new home." Father begins, as straightforward and soft spoken as ever. "I realize it'll take time to get used to since it's so different from your original settlements. But I hope you will all be comfortable here. I'll open it up to questions but first I have a few more important things to inform you about."

Oh great, more of an info dump. Like there wasn't enough of that earlier today.

"Starting tomorrow, you will receive two soul supplements per day, one in the morning after you wake and one before bed. These consumables will keep your hunger in check. If you choose to eat a meal at the end of your day and on your days off well, that's up to you. Besides those and the Friday morning meals with us together as a family, it'll be all you'll need to consume for daily sustenance should you so choose. Each dose will give you 25000 units of soul energy, so you'll receive 50000 per day. When the full year is complete, you will have consumed 18 million and 250 thousand souls, which will be a great starting off point for your conquest of Earth."

That's... alotta fucking soul power like holy shit. I really should plan out what powers I want ahead of time... probably.

"I would like you to decide today what your primary fighting style will be, along with your initial starting offensive ability that you'd like to focus on. These things, plus the alchemy training will be what you will work on for the year, so choose... wisely. Some of you may have already been doing so, which will give you a head start in your training for sure."

Hmm... kay. I think I know what I want and it should be... doable. I just need to get a few resistance skills high or maxed first probably.

"Lastly I want to inform you of our... and your... limitations. Despite what you may think there are sadly some things in this universe that are impossible. First of all, your alchemy abilities won't work on other Reapers or Creators. This should be obvious but I'm saying it anyways. This is for all of our safety. Last thing we need is to accidently or intentionally tear each other apart at the atomical level. We are allies, not enemies. Keep that firmly in your minds. Secondly, there are some elements and compounds which are extremely rare and hard to make even in advanced technological facilities, so making them on your own will be impossible. Liquid Rhenite Dynons, which is one of many things that can be used as a fuel source for what you'd call warp drives, cannot be crafted outside of an extremely pressurized environment."

I have no idea what he just said but basically I guess we cannot make everything with alchemy. Bit of a bummer I guess but makes sense, maybe. I dunno shit about science so who am I to say? Oh god I'm gonna have to learn a bunch of nerdy techy stuff aren't I? Fuck.

"I also have to regretfully inform you that some abilities that you may think up well, they cannot be done. What you'd call time travel, going back in time, is literally not possible and breaks the fundamental laws of universal physics. There are other things as well but that's the big one that some Reapers want and have asked for but is sadly out of our reach, no matter how godlike we eventually become."

So Back to the Future was fictional? Darn. Who knew?

"I will now open it up to questions for a couple of hours, I will answer anything and everything that I can." Father smiles warmly. "Don't be afraid to speak up, there's no such thing as a wrong question if you learn something."

Oh brother. This is going to be really boring isn't it. We're gonna learn the secrets of the universe and the meaning of life? Yeah that shit doesn't interest me at all.

"How're we able to communicate?" Axel, the giant dark red haired bear with brown fur, speaks up. "Did you just learn English in a few months or... something?"

Huh. I actually never thought of that.

"Your crystalline cores have an auto-translator within them." Father explains. "We pre-programmed it with millions of known languages throughout the galaxy. You just hear all dialects it knows in your native tongue in real time. If you encounter ones that it doesn't know it'll slowly learn them given enough time. If you're ever on a very primitive planet with no internet yeah you'll struggle to learn the local speech for about a week or so."

Hmm. Interesting.

"Do you mind if I ask why you came to Earth of all places?" Jason questions from his seat in the front row, directly beside Father.

"It is just one of many planets we have tried to produce Reapers on." Our lord states rather quickly. "This is the 17th world where we've done so now. We have 63 Reapers in total. It'll be 70 once all present here complete basic training. After which I'll go to another realm and do the same thing, as I have for a long time now. We need as many of you as we can get if we're to bring about true order and peace to the universe."

"Why is the process so difficult? I mean the failure rate for making us seems extremely high." Toshia asks as he raises his hand.

"That's a rather complex question." Father smiles. "It basically boils down to the volatility of Eternum and the very rare compatibility with certain sequences of DNA. There's other issues as well but those are the main ones. I've spent millennia trying to perfect it, and this is the closest I've come to results outside of the lab."

"Eternum?" I tilt my head, clearly with a puzzled look on my face.

Oh god I said something without thinking. Dammit I should have just kept my mouth shut so this dumb QnA can go by quicker.

"Eternum is the rarest element in the universe, created only in the absolute center of black holes. You each have a single subatomic quantum particle of it inside your cores, anymore than that would cause it to be unstable and kill you. Nevertheless it is one of the greatest discoveries we made and the biggest crowning achievement of technology and science that we've ever achieved."

Father went rambling on and on for awhile, clearly proud of The Creator's... creations. Yeah I don't feel like thinking up another word for that sentence right now. Anyway, gushing about how Eternum is super powerful and how they are trying weaponizing it and stuff but they've had no luck so far. I drink some water that some Sentinels bring by for us all and that prompts the next question.

"How come there's not just one type of Sentinel?" The cunny cat lady asks. "Wouldn't that just be more straight forward?"

"It's fairly simple Eris." Father changes topics on a dime. "We have what we call Omega Sentinels for combat, which are built to kill and produce Reapers. Only problem is they're heavy and not very mobile with all that equipment they've got packed inside their chassis, so we have Theta Sentinels that are much lighter and agile and far less complicated for simple tasks of servitude."

Makes sense. What a dumb bitch. Also learned her name is Eris. Kay. Also I realize I've been pissing on her, not literally not yet, but yeah I haven't liked her since she first spoke. Talking down on everyone it seems. Maybe she's actually nice but I really fucking doubt it. She just seems like those popular girls at school that I hated so much... anthros who only existed to make my life miserable. Maybe she'll prove me wrong, we'll see. But for now I'm gonna keep hating on her until she gives me a reason not too.

I hear Sorcha speak up as she puts forth her first question. "Are there any other gods besides The Creators? Is there some kind of life after death?"

"I assume your asking because of your... Taoist beliefs from before your rebirth." Father smiles warmly. "I cannot confirm or deny your beliefs. All I can tell you is yes, there are countless amounts of other beings with godlike powers or higher. Statistically speaking about 16.4% of planets with sentient life on it have one deity or many who made them. Said worlds can have underworlds or other so-called spiritual realms but again it's random. Most life just evolves naturally over billions of years but yes it can be created by someone or something who's powerful enough."

This kind of goes on for awhile, so much so that we go an hour more than we planned to. He talks about many more things and how are universe works but ehh, I don't care to share them, not right now anyway. This chapter is nearing is exposition limit I've got to spread it out a bit.

Ahem, anyways.

When I get up I feel my bladder aching a tad, but it's nothing I can't handle. Actually it feels kind of nice to hold if I'm being honest, like a constant light buzz around my pussy, it feels nice and warm as it sloshes around inside me. I'm feeling rather naughty today. God I can't wait to fuck Jason tonight.

Father leads all of us to a massive dining hall and I mean massive, it has one of those comically large obscene rich people tables, where the father sits at one end of it and the kids are somewhere in the middle, with like 20 or 30 chairs in between them? You know what I mean.

Watch Richie Rich or something if you don't get it.

Our Lord asks us to relax and get ready to so we do. The soft cushy chair feels great on my butt. Maybe it's just because my urethra is heating up right now.

"I know I said earlier today that we normally have a meal together on Friday and that is true." Father says nonchalantly. "But since this is your first day to get acquainted with your new home we'll have it today instead of tomorrow, just this once."

It doesn't take long for a host of Theta Sentinels to come in with a bunch of food, all of which I've never really seen before. We start with some smooth pinkish-red bread slices with a purple butter-like substance. I don't know how to describe these things to someone who's never seen them but I'm trying ok? We also eat a pale green skinned alien animal that's brought out whole on a massive platter, like a pig but you know, not. Our drinking glasses are filled with a thin and vicious silver liquid. We end the meal with some cyan colored flakes that taste sweet and salty and delicious. It was also very tasty actually, the best meal I think I've ever had despite the weird appearances. Only absurdly strange to me because I've never eaten anything off of Earth I guess, obviously.

I'm stuffed. The food was fantastic but I ate too much. I can feel the inside of my digestive system melting it down and entering my bladder at a rapid rate. I'll have to piss very soon... otherwise the pain will be rather unpleasant. I let out a quiet groan, hope no one heard it.

"Please take the rest of today to enjoy yourself." Father says as he stands up. "I'll see you all bright and early tomorrow for your first day of training where we will all work very hard. I shouldn't have to say this but please ensure that you get to bed at a decent time, keeping to a schedule is of utmost importance."

With that he leaves. Yeah I have not much else to say, it's nearly 4PM, I've had a big meal and not pissed for almost 5 hours. My bladder is small ok? Maybe it's the ability to not poop anymore but dammit I have to pee so much more than normal anthos I swear.

Who am I kidding I love it. With the only thought in my mind being that of looking forward to a nice warm piss, I ask a Theta Sentinel to take me to the nearest washroom. To my surprise, a pod big enough for two anthros shows up... and I suddenly notice the male raccoon who's not said a word to me standing beside me. I hesitate for a moment.

&&

"You can go first." He speaks in a quiet and rather shy voice.

"Uhh." I look around awkwardly as I feel a sharp jolt in my vagina. Fuck. "Yeah... thanks."

We both get into the pod. I hold my hands between my pants rather tightly, I didn't realize how badly I had to go until right now. The raccoon notices and blushes hard. I'm also quite embarrassed as I bounce in my seat. Why'd I come in here? Why didn't the Sentinels bring a pod for each of us?!

"My name is Paisou." He says while averting his gaze. "I don't believe I know your name."

"Vaine..." I manage to peep out as I look out the window.

We don't say anything else as within the next like ten seconds we end up in front of a washroom. Least I assume that's what it is. The Sign above the plain old door says "relief room" so I guess... we're at the right place. Holy fuck I nearly leaked... moving hurts so much now.

We walk up to the door and Paisou opens it. What I see inside basically terrifies me.

It's a very basic bare bones run-of-the-mill public bathroom with two urinals, toilets, bidets and sinks. There's just one problem. There's no stalls. Everything is out in the open. There's nothing blocking anyone's view from anything, no privacy to be had. What the actual fuck? Is Father a fucking pervert why is this room designed this way?! My pussy quivers and cries out in pain as I feel some urine leak into my panties. Shit shit shit! I can't help but groan loudly and then I remember that Paisou is here with me.

Oh shit. I blush even more, so much so that the white fur on my cheeks would burn bright red if it could. Looks like he's wondering the same thing I am, maybe. Or maybe he just noticed how hard I'm breathing in a futile attempt to not piss myself on the spot? Either way the moment is awkward and I want it to stop. But it won't. I have to pee so bad and we're both just standing here awkwardly. I feel sweat drip down from under my tail and run along my buttcheek, the heat building up inside me is nearly unbearable. I feel like a little kid trying to hold in her pee until the last possible second.

But then... something just happens. Paisou walks up to one of the wide open urinals and unzips his pants. He pulls out his dark blue dick right in front of me and begins to urinate. I'm stunned... but not surprised I guess. Damn the scent of his piss is... very strong, almost overpowering.

I feel my legs tremble as my vagina twitches and throbs as I release more urine. I'm not going to last... I'm going to piss my pants. Hearing the sounds of his pee splattering against the inner walls of the urinal causes me to go over the edge.

Fuck it. I unbutton my black jeans and expose my red panties to the world. I slip them down along with my pants and squat over a toilet seat. Paisou is still pissing but he looks over at me and blushes hard as he sees my bare black ass and pussy just hanging in the air. I admit, I'm enjoying the attention. I could have discreetly sat down on the toilet and hid my nudity... but I decided to do something like this. Fuck... ahh he sees me... keep looking please.

Ahhhh fuck I cannot hold it any longer shit...

With a lustful moan I let loose my vaginal muscles and shoot out a fresh load of piss into the toilet bowl. God peeing while having someone watching ahh... feels so nice now that I think about it more. Why did I think I needed privacy anyway? I'll make a vow to urinate in front of everyone from now on. Okay probably not but you know. Damn I've been hornier than usual today, my heat is still effecting me hardcore.

When Paisou finishes he doesn't put his dick away. I'm still hanging over the toilet pissing and showing him everything. He watches intently and I'm enjoying it a little too, maybe it's because I love to see anthro's faces when they see my peeing pussy. I've gotten used to Jason watching me urinate so... having someone else see it for the first time is... exciting. I lick my lips as I continue to spurt out more piss. I can feel my anus clenching so I open up my ass cheeks with a free hand to give Paisou an even better view. His eyes seem to widen and he can't turn away.

I finish urinating after about 30 more seconds and I pull up my red panties, feeling a sense of blissful relief as I get dressed again. Paisou zips back up his pants and looks me in the eyes as he tries to hide his half chub from me.

"Your really... cute." He manages to say. "Can't say I've ever seen... a woman peeing before."

It makes me blush even more and I can't help but giggle at the thought.

"You're welcome. Was nice to see you piss as well, very sexy." I blurt out as we wash our hands.

Paisou smiles and bows his head lightly, looking bashful and rather shy. We exit the washroom and I feel my heart race from the momentary thrill. I look over to see him still squirming. He's clearly aroused and doing a very poor job of hiding it, although he doesn't say anything.

I walk up to a Theta Sentinel and ask it to take us to a fancy hotel room. Paisou doesn't say anything as I lead him by the hand into the pod. I wanted to fuck Jason today but whatever, the thought of a new dick inside me is too exciting for me to pass up right now.

When we get inside the private room, I take the lead and begin to make out with Paisou. He tastes very different from Jason but still pleasant. It takes me a minute to realize that his dark blue fur is very soft near his skin. It feels amazing against my clothed body and my nipples harden immediately. He kisses me so gently, I can barely tell where one ends and the other begins. His nervousness is still there but he's accepting me with open lips. He moans softly and sighs into my neck, I feel his hands grope my ass tightly and I shiver in response.

I take off his shirt and run my hands along his rather slender back, he's clearly enjoying my touch as he struggles with my jean's button. He manages to loosen my pants as my urine stained red panties are exposed to him once again. I'm getting turned on by this, seeing his crimson eyes staring down I pull off his pants and underwear off with one quick motion, leaving him naked before me.

I order him to lay on the bed as I take off my shirt. I seductively step towards him in my matching red set of undies. My breasts bounce around slightly as I get closer and my nipples harden even more under his gaze. Paisou can't help but stare at me, stroking his cock slowly as I stand over him, his dark blue member twitches a little as he watches me. I lick my lips, teasing him just a bit, feeling a thrill of excitement run through me as I take off my bra and begin to play with his dick in between my breasts.

"Do you like this?" I whisper seductively while his penis hardens beneath my smooth breast fur. "Do you want me to show you how good they feel?"

I cup them both together without even waiting for a response, squeezing him as I rub up against his shaft. My nipples touch the base of his penis and it feels weird but pleasant. He lets out a cute moan, his body tensing up as I stroke his erection. His red eyes stare deep into mine as I move my head down to his cock and start licking it. It's much more salty than the only other dick that's been in my mouth but it still tastes great. It feels so nice letting his cock slide down my throat. I continue to titty-fuck him as assault the tip of his shaft with my tongue. He moans and sighs with each slurp, his eyes closed as he enjoys the attention.

After about two minutes of this I remove his schlong from my pie hole and get up onto my feet. His eyes stay fixed on me as he sees me pull down my drenched panties, exposing my black pussy lips. They're already wet and glistening and not just from my piss. Paisou blushes as he stares at my crotch, clearly enjoying the sight. His shyness is very cute... and I wanna give him a much closer and intimate look. I crawl onto the bed on all fours and I position my vagina over his dick... before I let his shaft grind up against my clit as I scooch myself forward more. I press my buttocks against his lower body, his stiff dick slides between my asscheeks and I let out a giggle. I shift up more as I drag my sexy rear along his dark blue chest fur and eventually my pussy reaches his jawline.

If he couldn't see all the anatomical detail in my vulva before he sure as hell could now. His heated breath was almost enough to make me go crazy.

"Eat me out." I order firmly.

Paisou nods nervously as he grabs onto my ass for support and begins to go to town on my pussy. I moan loudly as his tongue laps around my labia and flicks its way inside me. My hips buck involuntarily as he pushes against my vaginal walls, tasting every inch of my entrance's insides.

It feels so fucking good...

Paisou continues to lick my sex, making me squirm with each swipe of his wet tongue. As a way to show my approval, I reach behind my back and grab his dick with my right hand and I begin to jerk him off as he enjoys the taste of my horny juices. I feel his warm pre-cum travel through my fingers as it oozes from his tip, and I can tell he likes this feeling a lot. I rub and squeeze harder... we're both so close now I can feel it. I moan louder as I let go of his penis and use both hands to cup his face, forcing my pelvis against his lips as he licks up and down my pussy.

My orgasm is coming... and coming hard. "Mmmm!" I cry out.

Paisou quickly takes one last lick up my slit, closing his eyes and gasping softly. His tongue glides across my labia one final time... and then his mouth starts to fill up as my vagina gushes out loads of girlcum. Paisou groans and swallows it all eagerly as my own climax crashes through my body. He's still slurping up my juices and his cheeks bulge a bit from the amount he has already ingested, making him look even cuter than ever.

"Good boy..." I growl with approval. "Let me reward you."

Without thinking too hard, I jam my anus against his almost exploding dick. All seven inches of it slides into my butthole easily and the look of surprise and pleasure on Paisou's face is just glorious. Ahh his cock is bigger than Jason's... feels so good and thick rammed up there. He cannot endure it and within seconds he cries out lewdly as massive amounts of raccoon jizz shoot through my bowels. It feels like a river of sperm is being shot out from my anal rim as my bowels are completely filled... and yet somehow Paisou's baby batter keeps pumping into me, forcing my rectum to expand slightly to take it all in.

Good god it feels so fantastic.

Once Paisou's cock spasms have slowed, I pull his shaft out of my ass and a large excess of semen evacuates itself from my butthole with great haste. Like holy shit there's so much of it, like I just had a sperm enema of some sort. I guess I did. I lay down beside him, feeling the sticky warmth of his absurd volume of seed seep throughout both of our furry bodies and the bedsheets. We just kind of stay there for awhile and rest while completely naked.

A couple hours later, after showering and watching each other piss again we part ways for now. I guess should go see what Jason is up to hmm?

What? What do you mean I cheated on him? I don't know what you are talking about. I've been very faithful and I'm not about to break my marriage vows with another anthro! How dare you?! Good day sir!

Ahem, anyways... I ask a Theta Sentinel to take me to Jason and it responds with this message.

"We're sorry, the Reaper known as Jason Hawkright has requested to not be disturbed by his fellow Reapers right now."

Ok what the hell do I do now then? I'm like out of ideas as to what to do for the rest of the day. Yes I am that lame. I guess I'll just go to my bedroom, relax and jam out to some Metal while I browse the internet that still exists. I go in and enter my bathroom. I take off all my clothes, including my lacy red panties that smell faintly of urine and lust, and toss them down a laundry chute. I may have forgotten to mention that was there before, oopsie. Speaking of urine, I have another moderately decently lengthed piss, geez my bladder is weak as fuck.

I guess some random ass Theta Sentinel does laundry hmm? Sucks to be them. I walk out into my bedroom after I finish peeing and put on a pink tanktop and nothing else. I sit down on my desk's chair, which feels nice and comfortable against my bare ass, as I examine my new laptop. It's very fancy like damn... and everything loads like nearly instantly as well... fuck.

I notice an app called ReaperChat, nice name, so I open it up. Inside is a list of all other Reapers here, no surprise, plus my own profile that I'm already automatically logged into. Hmm. Apparently this allows you to instantly send a digital message to any one of us at any time. Hmm... according to the app, no one has sent me a text yet. Not surprising I guess.

I open up a private message thread with Jason and start typing.

Vaine Steele 07/31/08 6:37PM:

Hey Jason it's me. Of course it is who else would it be? Anyway, we haven't really talked since we've been here. Lemme know whenever would be a good time I guess.

He actually replies about 10 minutes later, while I'm listening to a song called Yonk In Your Yeeters by Hotplay. No it's not about masturbating.

Jason Hawkright 07/31/08 6:45PM:

Hello. Yeah sorry had a lot to think about today. We'll talk soon.

Short and to the point. Alrighty then. I order in more Japanese food from that noodle place I went to for breakfast and just browse the internet and listen to metalcore. It's not very interesting apart from some actual new music that I've not heard before. Kind of amazes me that with all the insane chaos in the rest of the world that fresh songs are being recorded and produced still. Wild.

Also my AI Core informs me that I can have any app from my laptop installed on it, so I download ReaperChat onto it. Now I can digitally talk to any of them whenever, oh yeah.

Well nothing much else goes on really. I eat, browse the internet awhile and chat with Paisou for a bit on the app. I start to prepare for bed around 10PM... and that's when I hear a faint knock on my door. Mind you I'm still bottomless so I look through my peephole on the door to see who it is.

It's Jason so I open it up. When he sees my beautiful pussy he doesn't even seem to react.

"Hey Vaine." He says in a rather low tone.

"Hey. You here to sleep and cuddle with me tonight?" I tilt my head in abit of confusion, I don't know why else he'd be here.

"No." He replies. "I've uhh, come to tell you that I've decided to focus on my training. I can't be in a relationship right now... I need to strive to be the number one Reaper... I won't have time for much of anything else."

Well that should have hit me like a ton of bricks but it really doesn't.

"I see." I manage to say above a whisper. "So you're not gonna have sex for an entire year? Seems rather absurd."

"We can still fuck casually occasionally..." Jason looks away from me as he speaks. "I just can't have a girlfriend right now. Sorry. Maybe once I've conquered Earth I will have time for actual romance, who knows."

Man this doofus really is full of himself isn't he? Like damn the pride on this guy.

"Alright. Well I wanna be number one too, I'm not gonna give up to protect your feelings or anything." I scoff, although not too hard.

"I know. I wouldn't have it any other way. I'll uhh, see you tomorrow."

With that, Jason leaves. I shut my door and continue to prepare for bed. Starting tomorrow... my life would get really hectic. But for now, sleep is calling to me.

I'll be the one to win... I will be stronger than anyone... I have to be. If not... I don't know how else I'd live.

*040*2023-01-31 11:40

Heya everyone, Vaine here. Been abit of time but the next chapter is finally out, even if it's a shorter one. The next 4 chapters or so will be longer, this one was basically just an excuse for loads of information to be dumped lol, hope it wasn't too tedious.

Regardless, this chapter provided an opportunity to introduce Paisou, so I did. Just as a PSA don't cheat on people, it will never work out for you.

Anyway, the idea of having public toilets without a shred of privacy has been a personal fantasy of mine for a long long time, expect that to be a long running thing in this story lol. Hope you enjoyed the sex scene as brief as it is.

Next chapter will probably take awhile to come out and will have at least two or three sex scenes so look forward to that. I'll accelerate the time frame probably, the plan is to have each of the next four chapters be three months each in story time, so the training year will go by "quicker" and the plot can progress further. Don't worry, these chapters should be jammed packed of the sexy and the training competitions so yeah.

If you have any thoughts or concerns or comments of love, share any and all here.

~Much Love, Vaine Steele.

*041*2023-03-13 06:08

Chapter 9: Obligatory Doujin Training Arc Begins! Wait do Doujins Even Have These? Why You Still Reading This? Get Ready for Piss Off.

I looked around me in a daze. The room around me seemed to be foggy... and nearly pitch black. I felt really horny and I had to pee badly. I tried to get up to look for a toilet but I realized my hands and feet are bound by ropes to a metal chair. Where the fuck am I?!

I heard really creepy laughter in the distance... and a music box sending out waves of haunting notes somewhere out of sight. I had a very bad feeling about this. My bladder spasmed hard but I held back my piss, I cannot pee here where someone could be watching me. Suddenly a bright light turned on above me and I groaned as I closed my eyes.

When I opened them again I saw a four foot tall furry monster... that I recall seeing last when I was a child. His fur was blood red, his two eyes bulged out from his round head like some kind of cancerous tumors. his mouth was wide and as dark as the foul tar beneath the earth.

It was fucking Elmo, from Sesame Street.

But this was no kids show... this was real life. I appeared to be in some kind of interrogation room. There was nothing else here besides me, the crimson fuzz demon from hell and the swaying lightbulb lamp above us.

"Hello Vaine!" Elmo spoke in his usual high-pitched happy voice. "What nice tits you have there!"

I looked down and saw my black nipples staring back up at me. I was topless! I just noticed now that I had nothing on but a pair of panties, I couldn't even move well enough to see their color since ropes were bound to me just below my breasts as well. I couldn't believe I didn't notice before... I was too focused on my bladder. Dammit I really wanted to piss! But I didn't want this mutant puppet freak to see me do it.

"You really have to go hmm?" He tilted his head like the cuntbutter fucker he was. "Remember you can't urinate... if you do the nukes of the world will explode and Patty Patty Land will go byebye! Muahahahaha!"

This fucker was pure evil! I had to hold it and escape... otherwise the deaths of Patty Patty civilians would be partially on me! But how was I going to do that?! I was trapped. The walls are made of solid metal and the door was locked. The red rat cuntmonkey must have the key. So I'd have to wait... and pray Elmo doesn't decide to start singing again.

Elmo's eyes bulged out with joy, "Oh look! You've got a wet camel toe! This is so exciting, we're getting off together!"

It's true. I was horny beyond belief. As much as I hated to admit it... I was really enjoying the humiliation. I'm sure my panties were soaked by now.

"When I get outta this chair your fucking dead." I stare at him with my blazing eyes. "I swear it... ahh..." I let out an exasperated sigh.

"Ah yes..." Elmo's voice somehow became higher and more sinister as he grinned widely. "The time for your sexual torture is about to begin!"

He picked up a remote control and pressed one of its buttons. A plastic dildo appeared right below my crotch. It glowed blue in the dim light.

"Ah, this will make things interesting. I've been thinking about using this since I got you here." Elmo cackled. "And I think this is just the thing to get you to lose this fight, eh? How does it feel, Vaine?"

The vibrator pressed against my slit and began to rub along its length, teasing me through my panties. The sensation of pleasure coursed through my body. Even though I was a prisoner and being tortured sexually... it still felt really good! I really really wanna pee... but if I do... good sesame men and women will die. I had to endure the growing pain for the sake of Patty Patty.

"Ohhhh! I can feel that monster cock pressing against my pussy now~!" I gasped, almost forgetting I was a prisoner.

Elmo cackled in glee and the vibrating dildo pressed harder against my wetness. It rubbed my clit and the shaft against the folds of my panties... causing friction with the fabric and rubbing along my sensitive parts. I let out a muffled groan. The pleasure I was feeling grew quickly in strength until it started to take over my willpower.

"U-uh-ahhh..." I moaned lewdly.

I had to focus... I... I cannot piss... I can't... gahhhhh... it hurts so bad... aaahh!

My bladder suddenly released a huge torrent of pee which shot out of my panties in a violent stream... and onto Elmo's fucking bitch ass face. He screamed as my urine scorched his forehead and caused acidic fumes to come out around his wounds. The ropes binding me to the chair seemingly melted away and I got up and bolted towards the fucking prick.

I tore off my panties and urinated hard all over Elmo's broken body. He continued to scream in horror and agony as my piss burned his fur and fluffy cotton innards away as the life slowly left his eyes. Oh god this feels so good.

I grabbed Elmo by the throat with both hands and squeezed hard, "I told you I'm going to kill you... have a taste of my acidic pee superpower you oversized cum rag son of a bitch!"

As I tightened my grip I heard him gargle in his last breath as his exposed chest basically disintegrated beneath my golden shower and then I felt his neck give way. As soon as I saw his dead lifeless eyes I came and came hard as I continued to urinate heavily. My piss dripped down onto his dead body and burned his corpse into ashes. Then I stood there panting and exhausted as I finished peeing. My bladder finally felt full relief and I let out a blissful sigh.

The stuffed sentient plushies of Patty Patty Land were dead... but at least Elmo committed his last cotton shreds of evil here tonight.

***

I wake up in a highly aroused state as my clock's alarm blares loudly but stops automatically once it realizes I'm conscious. How nice of it. I really have to urinate... very very badly. I get up and bolt into the bathroom. I moan deeply and reflect on my fucked up nightmare as I pee into the toilet for real. Super urine powers? That sounds like a great idea! But it's something I'll have to work on after I get my main power as strong as it can be. I can't kill all my enemies with piss after all... but doing so occasionally sounds like it'd be way too fun to pass up.

God my mind really is fucked up isn't it? Why the fuck was Elmo an enemy in my dream of all things? Shit was creepy as balls.

Ahh... this morning piss feels so nice... my body feels really stress free. Now if only I had a big cock to drench... I'd love to pee all over it and have it fuck me at the same time. God that dream made me way too horny. I'm so tempted to masturbate but I can't, I have to get ready for my first day of training after all. It'll be hard.

... Not like that.

I finish my arousing urination process and I quickly have a shower in my tub, lubing myself all over with some kinda strawberry smelling soap before I rinse it off and dry myself in a hurry. I get dressed in basic workout gear which a Theta Sentinel brings by my room. It's basically plain white panties, dull gray yoga pants and a white sports bra and tanktop, nothing outstanding here. I assume that this is what I'll be wearing everyday for a year, well, except on my days off I guess.

I take my first soul pill supplement thing without any issues and leave my room. I'll explain most of what I want to unlock as time goes on I guess although I'm not gonna detail every single thing that'd just be way too tedious. This year will mostly be a retrospective... a way to give you all a brief summary and such. I'll talk about some nice sex I have and nice bathroom breaks occasionally but I won't mention every single one, that'd take way too long.

Regardless on my first day of training I walk into the main training hall... dojo... thing. It is basically a nearly pure white room with a square tiled floor. All seven of us were here, I was the last one to arrive.

Great...

Before our day of training starts, Father informs us that the first competition at the end of the month will test our strength. He didn't go into any more detail beyond that.

We spent four grueling hours exercising and building up every aspect of our physical bodies that we could. It was easier for some than for others of course but damn it was almost the intense shit you'd see on like a Dragon Ball Z episode or something. I was in disbelief at the amount of effort it took and that my body stayed in one piece but I somehow made it through along with everyone else. I guess our regenerating cells just allowed us to enhance our muscles to their absolute daily limit.

The last four hours of the first day where spent learning the bare bones basics of chemistry. Every single mundane detail. We have to memorize the exact amount of protons, neutrons and electrons that are in each atom of each element if we wanted to even be able to start our alchemy training. It is tedious as all fuck. By the end of the first day, only two of us are able to make some simple hydrogen atoms. Everyone else, including me, failed hard. Slowly deconstructing materials to obtain subatomic particles to use it for alchemy is easy enough but god damn... combining it perfectly seems like it'd be literally impossible at this moment. I haven't figured it out yet in the slightest. Oh well.

The next thing I guess I'll mention is day four. That is when I evolved my Fire Resistance Level 10 skill, to Super Fire Resistance Level 1. I got this new skill and started raising it up on the first day of training because I knew I'd need Fire Immunity in order to even attempt to use my first desired offensive superpower. Apparently that is unlocked once Super Fire Resistance hit level 10 but I'm informed that it is going to take awhile. I needed this skill because I want my initial main ability to be some kind of red-colored lightning, I think it would look cool and intimidating to my future enemies.

Lightning is basically just really really really hot fire right? So I need that heat nullification, makes sense to me at least. I should also say that while the physical exercise is still very intense, I seem to be more used to it now and I'm way less sore than I used to be. I could get an endurance enhancement ability or something but fuck that I don't need it.

Anyway... guess the next thing I'll mention... happened on the 7th of August.

It is mid morning. We have been training for nearly three hours so far... and I really need to piss out a river or an entire lake right now. Every pushup I complete is an excuse for my bladder to scream at me as it threatens to unleash its contents into my panties. I discreetly excuse myself for a quick bathroom break and make my way inside the restroom. There's nobody else here, phew... I can pee in peace. One time the cat bitch Eris was in here and I just waited outside for her to finish but besides that, I've not run into anyone else in the bathroom since this new daily routine began.

As usual I approach the urinal, since I've mostly gotten used to peeing while standing up. As I'm about to drop my yoga pants however... the door swings open.

With that dark brown fur and sexy long red hair along with a couple of tattoos... it's Axel staring back at me. Damn his crotch area looks like its as thick as a brick wall. He has a biker gang leader vibe about him and I feel like even before he was a Reaper he'd have been quite the fighter, someone who could easily murder you with his fists. He walks in and sees me hanging over the urinal with my hands at my waist, frozen in time as I look at him with embarrassment.

'Ahh fuck...' I curse to myself as my bladder begs me to open its hatch. I'm gonna have to decline for now.

"Do you got a dick that no one knows about?" Axel chuckles lightly as he closes the door behind him.

"N-No... I just... like to use these instead... no on- one else was here." I stumble over my words like a dummy.

Axel steps up behind me and looks down at my much smaller feminine frame. At nearly 7'6" tall he's at least two heads of height above me. Hell his massive shween would hang around my belly button or maybe even above it if he stood up straight in front of me... not that I've ever seen it before. Good god the scent of his fur is thick and we're both look so gross and sweaty from our workout. I should hate his middle-aged bear musk smell but I don't. It's... overpowering and my pussy just whimpers, both from arousal and from a firm urge to piss itself.

Axel just laughs as he walks over to a nearby exposed toilet seat, drops his yoga pants and sits down.

Uh oh.

Within the next couple seconds he groans loudly and starts to take a massive dump. The smells and sounds of a constant stream of turds hitting the water is fucking grossing me out. Bear shit... smells worse than anything I've ever experienced in my life like my god it's awful. All the while my bladder is yelling at me, begging for relief. Axel just keeps on pooping and I involuntarily back away from him slowly. Part of me wants to leave the bathroom and wait until he's done so I can urinate in private but the other half of me knows that I'd probably pee myself if I waited too much longer.

In a state of silent desperation I walk over to a toilet on the opposite side of the room. Left with no other choice I drop my pants and plain panties and cover up my crotch area with my hands I sit down and begin to pee as quietly as I can. I don't know why I attempt to urinate in stealth mode though, the gross farts and butt burps coming from Axel's side of the washroom are very loud, so much so that I doubt he could hear my urine stream anyway. I enjoyed my piss as always but the nasty fumes from the other side of the room put a damper on my arousal real quick.

I hastily finish my business, wash my hands and practically run out of the bathroom without a word to Axel who's still shitting excessively by the way.

Why am I telling you about this nasty interaction you may be asking? It's because you kinda need to know about it to fully understand what happens on the next day. Friday August the 8th, our first day off since training started.

It is relatively early in the afternoon. I slept in until 10AM and it's now almost 1PM... yay sleeping for two extra hours. Not gonna lie it feels really nice since our workout schedule has been so insane. I decide to head to my favorite restaurant in the megastructure... actually the only one I've been to on my own but you know it counts.

The Japanese noodle hut in a dark alleyway? Yeah that one.

Anyway... when I get there, I'm surprised to see Axel sitting on a stool and gobbling down some ramen. I've always been alone here before so I'm quite surprised. Beside him is no joke like a pile of 20 or 30 fairly large bowls towered on top of each other. That's a stupid amount of food like geez louise. He notices me and beckons me to sit beside him so I reluctantly do. He finishes his current serving before speaking more to me.

"Sorry if this is rather strange behavior for me to just show up randomly like this." Axel huffs. "I just uhh, wanted to talk to you for a bit."

"You tracked me down hmm?" I respond without much interest. "Guess the Theta Sentinels will do that if you want them to."

"Indeed." He smiles lightly back at me. "I wanted to apologize for uhh, making you uncomfortable in the bathroom yesterday."

"Maybe you shouldn't eat as much then." I say in a rather inoffensive but blunt way.

Axel simply laughs at that, "What can I say? Great food is one of the best pleasures of life."

"Still," I somewhat retort. "All that time on the toilet... can't be fun for you."

"Bah," He snorts loudly. "Everybody poops, that's just a fact of life."

"Well... not everyone per say." I blurt out.

Really? Again? Good job Vaine way to go... why do I always end up talking about this? Fucking hell.

I basically explain to him in a fairly embarrassing way about why I don't have to crap anymore because I disliked it so much. I told him about my digestive ability rework thing and he looks at me with an "of course" look in his eyes. I can't really tell if he's impressed or grossed out. He simply lets out a hearty laugh again as I finish talking.

"Well... I guess I'll just unlock the ability as well... sounds quite convenient to have." He smirks.

Before I can warm him about the excessive urination and flatulence side-effects of the skill... I seem to be too late. Part of me is glad I didn't tell him and another part of me feels a little guilty about it. Nevertheless, just like with me and Jason, almost as soon as Axel acquires the lame but useful superpower his body involuntarily shoots out a large excess of gas from his rectum as his new digestive system works itself out. It smells bad of course but thankfully for me it'll be the last time I will ever have to inhale his foul shit fumes again.

I'm about to get up and move away when I remember that he's eaten an excessive amount of food... he'll have to piss really soon and really furiously as well. It takes alot of willpower for me not to just get a wide shit-eating horny grin on my face as my pussy grows excited once again, dampening my panties. He doesn't even have time to be embarrassed about his loud ass fart as his somewhat warm smile quickly disappears.

"Oh fuck..." He says with a disgruntled look on his face.

His muscles flex slightly as he reaches under the table and begins to unzip his pants. A moment later, the sounds of a loud gushing stream fill up the area around us. I don't bother to hide my arousal anymore. I take off my shirt and unbutton my jeans, showing off a nice set of pink underwear to him as I cast my clothes to the concrete. He looks at me with surprise as he groans and continues to piss excessively. His eyes grow dark with lust as he sees my bra clad breasts swaying beside him.

"Pee on me." I beg. "Please... I want to bathe in your fresh urine."

Axel is shocked to hear this request but he hesitantly nods his head and obliges. His stream easily hits my breasts and piss starts to caress down my upper body like a waterfall. It feels so nice against my fur and skin. The pee splashes down my cleavage and my nipples start to harden from his warm liquid. It feels so damn good... I can feel it flowing down towards my thighs and dripping onto my legs as well.

It's such an dirty filthy moment... and my body loves it so much. His stream is as powerful as a showerhead... well I guess this is an actual golden shower now.

Some of Axel's urine dribbles down through my panties and then further inside my lower body. My pussy quivers with delight and I let out a refreshing and unabated moan. Axel takes off his shirt and pants quickly, which interrupts my naughty bath for a few seconds but I deal with it. His massive cock springs up in front of him like a tower as it juts straight out towards the air with great force. The tip glistens with droplets of his warm urine and my body is instantly more aroused by its presence.

His stream feels so much stronger now as he stands up and walks closer to me. The urine drips off his huge pole and lands on my chest like a sweltering rain. His strong musk fills my senses as his hot stream hits my sensitive breasts over and over again. Each spurt of pee makes my clitoris twitch and throb as every single drop hits my body. I'm practically drooling at this point. The heat of his piss makes my skin sweat profusely while my heightened nerves continue to burn with desire. I cast off my drenched panties and bra, allowing myself to bathe in his rich golden juice while nude.

"Please... please do it." I plead like a horny slut. "I want to drink your pee with my pussy lips... please fuck me with your big penis."

Axel just smirks and says "You have no idea how badly I want to..."

With that said, he unloads another power stream of urine directly onto my clitoris and I swear I almost cum right there the flaming pleasure is so intense. But I manage to edge myself and hold back an orgasm. I desperately try to catch my breath but the urge is too great... I need something now! I look up to see Axel smiling at me, his erect cock is pressed directly onto my vagina's entrance. With one swift thrust he enters me, piss and all. I scream in ecstasy as his huge member streaches my honeypot seemingly to its limits. I feel so full and he just keeps peeing profusely. I swear his urine enters my womb itself as he begins to fuck me hard as I'm sitting my ass down on the stool.

My body convulses with pleasure as I moan and wail in lustful delight. I cum within seconds but we're just getting started. He'll probably be peeing for like 5 more minutes or so due to the amount of food he ingested and it's likely barely been 30 seconds since he started pissing. Urine gushes out of my silt like a geyser but it's not my own. Maybe it is and I've peed myself I honestly cannot tell. I am so lost in the moment. Nothing else seems to exist right now besides Axel and me.. and his throbbing piss shooting dragon. It's such a crazy turn on being filled up like this by his soothing pee... the warmth of his liquid waste flowing into my mother's belly and mixing with my own fluids... mmm it feels so good.

"FUUUUUCK!" I shout in the middle of yet another orgasm after barely coming off of my first.

He doesn't even seem tired at all, just continues to pump his piss directly into my pussy over and over again. Each spurt sends a bolt of pleasure through me and I'm pretty sure it's only a matter of time before I cum once again. I don't know which is better, his 13 Inch cock or his urine... I cannot decide.

After about 15 more seconds he grabs onto my back and with his dick still inside me he slams his body down onto the floor, leaving me in the reverse cowgirl position directly ontop of him. The force of hitting the ground is so intense against my privates that I scream and shudder again. Oh god I cannot get enough of this. His piss splays everywhere and empties out of me quicker due to gravity but we're both way too horny to pay it much mind. He continues to thrust himself forcefully into me for another minute until he starts to moan as his orgasm approaches.

Axel grunts loudly, "Ohhhh, fuck yeah! You feel so great!"

The sounds of our sex are practically drowned out by the loud gushes of his urine. His hot pee seems to shoot straight into my womb again while his penis pulses and spasms inside my vagina, creating a sexual cocktail of cum and piss. My body quivers and jerks with every powerful stream that hits my insides. His sensual piss is dripping down between us, covering our lower bodies like a rainstorm.

I thought he'd be done but he stands up, easily lifting us both. He puts my breasts up against a nearby wall and starts fucking me again from behind. Still peeing profusely I might add. I've lost count of my orgasms at this point I feel like I'm in a dream.

"Your ass is so hot..." He groans as his left hand leaves my hips.

He takes hold of my ass cheek with his hand and starts groping it roughly. I can't help but squirm and wiggle my body as he fucks me with his thick bear cock while squeezing and grabbing my butt. His gropes turn to spanks and I cry out as I cum yet again. My body begins to shake uncontrollably as I scream in lustful pleasure. I think he shoots more sperm into me as well but it's hard for me to tell, I'm going numb down there now.

After a few more minutes he finally stops pissing but his hips do not slow down.

With one final shouted "Fuck!!!!" from both of our mouths, Axel unleashes his final load as I enjoy the last creampie of our current sexfest. We lay on the hard concrete for like five minutes before we get up and head someplace where we can shower to clean the absolute stink radiating off of our bodies. We ogle at each other as we bathe but we don't fuck again, least not on this day. I spend the most of the rest of my free time just relaxing and browsing the internet and listening to some music, mostly in my bedroom, I am kind of a loner afterall.

***

Nothing really all that interesting happens in the second week of training. I wish I could tell you that it gets easier or less stressful but it does not. Not gonna lie... I'm struggling to keep up with everyone else, at least in terms of my non-physical training. Other than me finally being able to craft some of the lightest elements, alchemy is completely lost on me it seems. I'm the only one who can't craft water yet from two hydrogen and one oxygen atom, for example.

Once again I seem to be the furthest behind... fuck.

A few others are already making simple compounds and molecules even more complex than H2O by now and here I am... still stuck on constructing the simplest of atoms.

It's not like I'm lost in my sexual fantasies, thinking about Jason's, Paisou's and Axel's cocks all jammed into me at once... no not at all. We only saw each other during our 4 hour exercise marathons we were all separate for our alchemy training, being taught by Sentinels mostly, with Father checking in on us individually quite regularly.

On the third week of training... the start of our day changes to combat practice and learning stances, forms and techniques. Now this should be fun! I want to learn hand to hand combat and martial arts so that's what I'll start with. Most of the other Reapers wanted to learn how to use swords or knives or axes but not me, not right now. Honestly I just picked what I thought would be the easiest combat to master quickly but I was so wrong. The first day of learning how to fight was just as rough as the initial date of our insane exercise routine, if not more so. We were all placed into different rooms, like for our alchemy studies. Well it was me... and one other girl.

Sorcha and I will train in martial arts together, since it's what we both want to do. I should mention that since I first saw her as an old lady a couple weeks ago... she's changed so much physically in that time. I don't know if it's cause of our training, a superpower or because she was a Reaper. Maybe it's a combination of all three. But dare I say... she looks hot now? Her boobs and ass that were once saggy and a bit deflated are now firm and compact. Granted her breasts are still pretty big in the D range somewhere but still. Her fur and face, which were once quite pale, are now flush with life and color. Her long hair which was once a dim gray was now a beautiful white color. She looks like a 40-something year old milf and not like the 60-something granny from before.

Like damn Father wasn't kidding when he said that she'd get younger instead of older... shit is kind of cool I guess.

On our first day of training we get to know each other abit better and talk for awhile as we spar. She tells me how she loves to garden and cook while I tell her that I love well... not much really, besides music I guess. She kind of just laughs at that. She explains how much she loves Jazz and that she never really got into Rock and Roll. Typical response from anthros who're from Sorcha's generation I guess.

We spend the day learning stances, footing and basic forms of offensive and defensive maneuvers. We beat up a wooden stick dummy for like 2 hours afterwards. It sucks and it's very difficult but it's also nice to have a change of pace that is different from our former daily routine. On our fourth day of grueling work, Tuesday the 19th of August, something magical happens.

Or not really but you know. Sorcha and I are doing our usual stretches at the start of our day.

I accidently get my face a little bit too close to her ass as I'm bending over reaching for my toes... and I suddenly hear a loud rip that seems to echo throughout our dojo. In amazement I see her pretty white panties reveal themselves and I'm staring at another woman's butt for the first time. It's not a bare ass sure but it's rather nice... and pleasant to look at. In that instant of time, sexual desires and thoughts that I didn't even know I had come to the forefront of my mind.

I look away shyly and blush as she puts her hands over her posterior and sighs.

"Well that sucks... oh dear." She says rather casually. "Guess I'll just have a Theta bring me another pair."

It does so and within two minutes she's dressed in a new pair of pants... but as I said that mental image stays with me for a while. I'm not gonna lie I masturbated that night thinking about her ass and how I'd eat it out. It's the first time a woman has sparked erotic arousal within me and once again I'm experiencing some very strange and foreign feelings. I always thought I was straight, that boys and dicks were all I needed. But now my mind is telling me I want a girl too and I'm just confused. Maybe these fantasies were just temporary and they would pass... I don't know.

Can... can I really be attracted to both genders? I mean I guess that's what being Bisexual is but I never thought that was a label that described me before. Plus she was literally old enough to be my grandmother... so why the fuck did I think she was so attractive? I mean I get it she was growing younger but still... I guess we're both immortals now so our ages as an adult don't really matter anymore. Soon, well maybe not so soon, we'd be 100's of years old and then our age gap would seem laughable at best.

I have these thoughts swirling around in my head for almost a week but I don't mention a thing to Sorcha. My arousal only grows during this time. I haven't had sex for awhile once again so my heat which should end after the summer is over was still effecting me hard. I'm horny all the time but I have to hide it from her.

Then... on Monday the 25th of August... the next sexual experience of my life happens.

Scorcha and I are practicing fighting for like the ninth time today, pushing ourselves ever forward to our limits in this insane training regimen. We're both super sweaty and tired and yet we're still just trying to beat the shit out of each other... for training purposes of course. She's much better than me at this and usually crushes me but I manage to learn and get some solid hits in myself sometimes.

This time, the match begins and I start off with a series of quick punches and end with a kick. She blocks them all before dodging my leg strike and she counters me with a grab onto my tanktop. She seems to put just the right amount of force in the wrong place though because it tears right off of me, leaving me with only a tight sports bra covering up my chest.

"Well fudge. Sorry dear. Want to get a new one?" She asks as she tilts her head at me.

"It's fine..." I gasp between heavy breaths, "Let's continue."

The mock fight carries on. I try to penetrate her defenses but Sorcha seems to be predicting my every move. I can't get a good strike in... she's doing much better than yesterday.

'Time to try something random I guess...' I reason with myself.

Even though it hasn't been a part of my training, I lunge at her lower body as quickly as I can in an attempt to grab onto her lower back so I can pin her to the ground. I miss though... and end up grabbing onto her hips instead. I try to pull her down... but all I do is bring her yoga pants to her knees. I crawl away with embarrassment.

"S-Sorry! I swear I-I didn't mean to do that..." I speak in a flustered manner as I try not to stare too hard at her plain white underwear.

"Looks like I'm not the only one who can take off her opponent's clothes." She laughs in response as she casts her pants away from the mat.

I'm legitimately stunned. Why didn't she just... put them back on? She's looking at me with a devilish grin. What the hell is happening? Her yellow furry legs and thighs are so sweaty they seem to be shining in the artificial light of this room. I have to consciously avoid licking my lips. I can do this... I can still fight.

This horny wave I feel means nothing.

She comes to me this time. Shit. I try to prepare my defensive stance but I'm too sexually loopy and slow. She hits me a few times in the stomach but not as hard as she usually does. I stumble back a bit regardless.

"You're turned on right now hmm?" She pouts her lips and taunts me. "I guess it's to be expected from one so young."

I try to push her away but I lack the physical strength to do so. My vagina dampens as she grabs onto me and pins me to the ground. Ahh... shit I lost. This is normally when the fight ends... and she would let go. But she doesn't. She's ontop of me still holding my left leg firmly in place while in a position to show off her hindquarters to me. Her butt is uhh, just as intoxicating as ever. And now she was basically sitting on my belly button. Drops of fluid pooled down from her body and landed all over me... but mostly on my yoga pants.

"I admit," She cooed. "I never thought I'd get to have sex with anyone here... until Axel and I had an amazing love making session a few nights ago."

So Axel got to your pussy before me? Damn. Guess I shouldn't be surprised... his dick is the biggest one around probably. Maybe Toshia's is bigger? Doubt it.

"Wait you still have sexual urges at your age?" I try to get my heart rate under control by controlling my breathing but I just can't, my head is in the clouds right now.

"Of course, I'm not dead Vaine." Is her obvious and sarcastic response. "You want me to do this right? Your arousal is so clear to me... you seem to need this more than I do and I need it badly right now."

It's only then when I notice that her white panties are so damp around her crotch area and I'm pretty sure it's not sweat... damn. Her scent and beauty is all I can process right now. She smiles as I stop resisting her and lets out a light chuckle.

"Good girl." She purrs despite not being a cat.

With her free hand, she begins to rub my pussy through my pants. I instantly let out a deep breath as I enjoy another woman's fingers teasing my privates for the first time. It feels great and there's still two layers of clothing between her digits and my bare slit like fuck. She's not even pressing down hard and her touch already feels like it's sending electrical impulses throughout my brain. I don't understand how I'm this turned on so quickly. I gasp softly but manage to stay quiet and calm.

I try to grab her panties but I only grab the elastic and they snap back into place with a light smacking sound. She simply laughs.

"You're really cute when your struggling you know?" She smiles as she gets off of me. "But we're just getting started."

Sorcha pulls off my yoga pants as she sits on the floor, leaving me in just my underwear and nothing else. She also takes off her tank top, leaving both of us as equals in the clothing department. Her bigger chest presses against my own as she straddles herself on top of me. We begin to make out passionately and I feel the heat within me increase even more. I cannot get enough of this. Making out with a girl feels... so much different but still great. Her softer feminine tongue slips into my mouth as our sweaty hands wander all over each other. I feel the curves of her hips, the tenderness of her breasts and the juicy sweetness of her pussy near my fingers for the first time, like a soft sexual sponge of some sort.

"Ohh yeah right there..." She moans a bit. "Use your fingers well hon... and I'll reward you with more than you can handle."

I glide my digits along the outside of her panties, feeling every centimeter of Sorcha's nether region as we continue to kiss each other unabatedly. Our face probes are wet and sloppy now as she rubs her pelvis against mine and our legs entwine as one. Her fingers reach around under my underwear and find my bare pussy. I moan as I follow her lead, slipping my hand into her panties as I feel another woman's most intimate parts with the tips of my fingers for the first time. It feels much more different than a dick, softer and wetter than I ever thought possible. I guess this is what boys feel when their cocks are inside me.

We moan together as we continue to finger fuck each other's pussies. This has gotten way more intense than I ever anticipated. Her scent fills my nostrils, the taste of her tongue tickling my palate and the heat of her vulva radiating all over my body feels divine. Sorcha's breathing increases as she presses her body closer to mine and starts probing me harder than before. I'm about ready to cum just from this alone... I'm so wet from my girlcum and our sweat that I swear we're slowly sliding along the floor.

She pulls out her index finger from me as it glistens with my juices. My hips buck up from the sudden lack of stimulation as Sorcha begins to lick my wetness off her digits. God she's so damn sexy.

"Oh... you taste amazing!" She gasps. "You really turn me on Vaine, your body is just perfection."

Her words are a shock but I can't stop smiling. She takes off her bra and I see her white furred, yellow nippled breasts for the first time. They're beautiful. We both sit upright as she takes off my sports bra, releasing my hard black areolas from their fabric prison.

She comes up to my ear and whispers. "Time to carry on with the show."

She starts to play with both of my boobs with her wet slick hands. I press my legs together and squirm uncontrollably. God why does this feel so good? Jason has done the same thing before and while it felt nice... it was nothing like this. This is either how a woman's touch feels or it just speaks to Sorcha's lifetime sexual experience. I don't care which it is right now. I was so close to cumming before and this current teasing is killing me. It feels so good, so amazing...

"I can't hold out much longer..." I whine in her ear.

Sorcha simply grins as she begins to move on top of me again, pushing my knees apart and grinding down against my inner thigh. Our clits kiss through our soaked panties and I let out a loud moan. Oh my fucking god why does this feel as good as a cock?! In fact no... I don't know... it may be better I'm not sure.... ahhh ahhh fuck!

"You want to cum with me?" She teases as she continues to press harder on my vulva.

I pant with desire. "Yes. I need to cum! Please let me cum with you!" I manage to say through ragged breaths.

She smirks at me. "Ohh okay..."

She then pulls down my panties and I can feel her pussy rub against mine after she takes hers off as well. We're both dripping wet as our genitals make skin to skin contact for the first time. Her yellow twat is gorgeous but I barely have time to admire it as I feel myself right on the cliff's edge of pleasure. The sensation of another woman's cunt on my bare pussy sends shockwaves across my pelvis.

"Ahhh... ohhhhh fuck!" I cry out.

My vision is starting to blur from this intense release. The pleasure radiates from my pussy up to my brain. And just when I think I would go deaf and blind from this otherworldly orgasm... my whole body convulses with another series of pleasurable muscle contractions and my body goes limp against the floor. My muscles all seize up while my mind slowly drifts away into blissful oblivion.

It only takes a few seconds before I feel Sorcha moving on top of me again. She kisses my neck and cheek tenderly, her breasts pressing against mine.

"I'm sure Father won't mind if we continue to make love..." She teases. "It is pretty intense endurance training afterall."

A Theta Sentinel brings us each a bottle of water and I gulp it down quickly. God it's so refreshing. After we both inadvertently add to our stockpile of bladder urine our sex quest continues. Sorcha lays ontop of my back as she takes my left arm in hers. Her soft hands caress my forearm while the weight of her body presses against my spine. She's basically sitting on me, facing my butt, I'm just laying there on my stomach, enjoying every feeling of her despite me not being able to see much of anything.

"Time for round 2." She giggles.

You'd never guess how old she is based on how giddy she's acting now. God the fact that we're both immortal is still so cool... I hope we can have sex until the end of time at this rate, even though I know that's impossible. She wastes no time in the next stage of her plan. She grabs my tail with one hand and my left buttcheek with her other one and plants her face firmly inside my ass. Her tongue then begins to work it's magic on my anus. I let out an involuntary moan from the intense pleasure.

God I'll never get enough of anal... feels so good. Her tongue presses down my crack, slipping in between the folds of skin as she starts to probe deeper and deeper into my tight little sphincter. Her nose presses up against the base of my anus and she continues to lick me. Oh man this is incredible! Her mouth is so warm and wet that it feels like she's sucking on my butt. In fact she probably is. Oh god I wanna taste her ass I want to so badly!

She then begins to press down harder on my anus with her jaw, forcing her tongue deeper inside me as she licks up my backside. This makes my butt feel incredible, like it's about to explode into a million pieces. Oh fuck I can't get enough of this. Sorcha's saliva mixes with my own natural juices and lubrication to create a slick liquid that makes my anus almost as wet as my pussy. She continues to work her mouth over my sensitive butt and the feeling of her inside my sphincter is so hot.

The heat in my pussy is growing as she pushes even deeper inside my bowels and my whole body seems to tighten up around her stiff licker. Oh fuck this is too much for me to handle... I'm about to cum again. My hips buck up against the floor as my breathing intensifies. Her smooth tongue is doing ungodly things to my insides and I'm lost in a sea of desire. This woman has some serious skills. Oh my god I don't think I could take any more of this, I need to cum.

"Man you really love getting your ass licked hmm?" Sorcha gasps as her mouth slides all over my rim, eating me out like I was The Last Supper or something. "Cum from my tongue! Do it..."

"Ohhhhh fuck yes!" I scream as I let my orgasm overtake me.

I can barely make feel anything aside from my shuddering numb pussy as I shoot out loads of girlcum. It just keeps coming and coming as she continues to enjoy the taste of my butthole. After all that, I still have so much left in me!

Her tongue continues to probe deep inside of me, her fingers now going into my ass as she feels me climax. Her mouth never ceases its relentless assault on my asshole as my orgasm carries on. My eyes roll back in my head as my vision begins to blur. This woman has the power to drive me insane with pleasure.

Once I stop squirting she gets off of me and rubs her fingers through my hair.

"I know I said it before but damn Vaine you taste heavenly." Sorcha teases me as she pets me like a cat or something.

I don't even respond, I just drag myself to her butt as she sits down on one cheek with both of her legs to one side, allowing me a sideways view of her glorious yellow tinted asshole. I waste no time and bury my nose into her fatty rear, it smells even better than I imagined. Sorcha moans as she lays her arms across her breasts as I begin to explore her anus with my mouth. My tongue slithers inside of her tight little sphincter and she lets out a small whimper. I start to lick her up and down with vigour, pressing hard against her pucker and making her squirm in delight.

Her butt tastes so sweet and delicious I don't even know how to describe it otherwise. I've never had a female's bare ass in my face before. God, this is so hot!

"Mm... mmhmmm," Sorcha moans as she starts to grind her hips back and forth while she continues to fingerfuck herself with her free hand.

"I love your tongue." She gasps as I press deeper inside of her.

I moan and continue to suck and nibble at her rear entrance like some kinda beaver chopping down wood. I don't think I'll ever get tired of this position, her body is simply perfect.

"Ohhh fuck Vaine..." Sorcha moans. "Please lick me more..."

My pussy throbs and twitches as my mind races ahead of myself. It feels like the climax is building inside of me again and this time I can't hold it off... and I'm not even touching myself at all! The noises she's making are just so fucking cute.

"Mmm... mmm..." Sorcha moans. "I need to cum... ohhhhh... ohhhh..."

The next thing I know she's pushing against my mouth with her ass, causing me to be unable to breathe from the unexpected pressure. I don't care though I have a mission to do and I'll see it through. My mouth continues to thoroughly explore her butthole, her fingers still deep within her own pussy. Her anus is so tight that it practically squeezes the air out of my lungs as I start to suckle on her butt.

"OH MY GOD V!" Sorcha's voice comes out as a gasp and suddenly her anus releases around my tongue and I can finally breathe again. "FUUUCK!"

She lets out another orgasmic yelp and shudders against me for a few seconds. Her juices squirt out of her hole and splash against my lower jaw and neck as they spill down onto the floor. My mouth and throat quickly begin to absorb her essence as I lap up all her girlcum. She begins to buck and shudder again while her body shakes with pleasure.

After a couple of minutes of licking and sucking, Sorcha eventually stops shaking and her breathing returns to normal. Her backside begins to relax and I pull away from her, feeling drained from having her cum all over me.

"Oh wow." Sorcha breathes, looking dazed. "That was really nice..."

And so, our first so-called date ended and I had one hell of a time. I couldn't wait to fuck her more. For the next four training days after this we really only trained our combat for about an hour... and made love for three more. Needless to say it was an amazing... educational experience.

***

But the 31st had finally arrived... and now we would begin the first of 12 competitive games to determine our Reaper rank or whatever. I was gonna write more about this but... we'll just give a brief summary this time.

Basically it was our "Test of Strength". All seven of us were led into an arena of sorts. This one just happened to have several simple round boulders bound with ropes that were lined up in a straight line. We were each led to a specific one that we were later told was exactly 40% of our body weight. We were informed by Father that the ranking system was a very simple point accumulation. First place got seven points, second place got six points and seventh place got a single point. You can probably guess the other ones but alas that's how it was going to be tracked for the next year.

The test began and we were told to lift up our weights, if they touched the ground we were out. It was a contest to see who could hold onto them the longest, so simple and yet... I got last place. Yup. I failed and hated myself for it. But alas nothing could be done. I could only sit in my misery... at everyone knowing the fact that I was literally the weakest Reaper.

Reaper Rank (August 2008)

Axel Cress - 7 Points

Jason Hawkright - 6 Points

Toshia Kamagst - 5 Points

Sorcha Hansal - 4 Points

Paisou Kayo - 3 Points

Eris Bellington - 2 Points

Vaine Steele - 1 Point

September was just around the corner... but I wasn't feeling all that festive for autumn. I began the month miserable and full of self loathing... the typical teenager I guess. Although I was anything but normal.

I had to turn this loss-streak around. I just had to.

I cannot be weak.

*042*2023-03-16 05:35

Hello all it's been a while hmm? Sorry for that. Real life has uhh been rough for these last couple months. But I'm doing better now so hopefully my writing will pick up again. This chapter was originally going to cover the timespan of 3 months but uhh, I felt like the chapter was long enough so I stopped with a single month.

That probably wasn't the best decision but hey here we are. As such this chapter basically just "introduces" us to Axel and Sorcha and not much else. I hope you enjoy regardless.

Next chapter should be out in a couple weeks if not earlier we'll see. Don't like to make any promises but yeah it's mostly all planned out so it should be out quicker.

~Much Love, Vaine Steele

*044*2023-03-17 19:53

{{3 hours ago, orangelion said:

Glad you are back and it is good to hear that you are doing better.

}}

Thanks.

{{3 hours ago, orangelion said:

3 people so far have the no solid waste power. Is everyone going to get it at some point?

}}

That's not planned but who knows. It's just something that has happened to pop up in conversations due to situations Vaine has found or put herself in.

{{3 hours ago, orangelion said:

I wonder in which attribute Vaine will be stronger than everyone else in?

}}

One will have to read more to find out and I'll have to write it lol.

