Vaine, Goddess of Death, Sexual/Peeing Adventures Throughout the Multiverse (Insanely Long Story) - Page 2

Author: Vaine Steele

*046*2023-04-08 05:29

Interlude I: Council of the Creators

It was a new month on this planet that the local primitive inhabitants called... Earth. It was a strange name to him but world names often were. It's something he stopped paying attention to a long time ago. He was only thinking about it to get his mind off of some things, although it did not prove to be a distraction for very long.

It was often very difficult if not impossible to know what was truly going on inside his head to an outside observer, which was evidently the result of his perfected social skills. On the surface he seemed bold, confident, kind and stern. But today... he felt a lingering human emotion that he hated and rarely had anymore. It was gnawing within the back of his mind like an irritating ceaseless insect.

He was nervous.

Now, for most of us it may seem pretty ridiculous for someone to literally despise being nervous. It's an emotion that we all feel quite frequently and while we don't like it, we don't care about it after we get past it. Although for him, a self-proclaimed Creator and God, it was a reminder. It was one of the few lingering emotions of his former humanity that he could never seem to get rid of. That's why he hated it. He felt as though it was one of his last remaining weaknesses. No matter how hard he has tried throughout the countless millennia of his lifetime, he has never been free from it.

His compassion, empathy, sorrow, fear, honesty, curiosity, lust and moral integrity were all able to be snuffed out ages ago. All that remained was his pride, determination, ingenuity, meticulousness, ego, cruelty... and nervousness and insecurity.

But yes it's been thirty-five years in his native time since he last felt this way. He had a meeting of with his fellow Creators, a small subgroup of them simply known as The Council. It would be the second one since he successfully started his self-assigned "Project Reaper" mission. The first conversation he had with them... didn't end so well. They were displeased by his methods and they thought him mad for thinking that he could ever succeed. They thought his plan was dangerous and a fool's errand. In fact, most of them were furious that he even dared to defy them and dismiss their knowledge and wisdom as mere obstacles in his path.

But things would be different today. The results were speaking for themselves. He already had close to seventy powerful Reapers under his control, it'd only be a matter of time before they'd conquered the galaxy. Afterwards, it'd make an excellent starting point for The Creators to retake the universal power and influence that they once had tens of thousands of years ago. It was the perfect plan. Nothing could go wrong, not with all the time and meticulous effort that he had put into this project.

So why did he feel so god damn insecure?

As much as he despised his human emotions, it also seemed to be an effective method for keeping him focused on what truly mattered. That of course would be when he was successful in being the sole Creator who saved them all... and proving everyone who doubted him dead wrong. Yes, at the end of the day his reputation, ego and desire for power were what moved him forward. And today he had a lot of work to do.

The Council of Creators consisted of eight people. They were the highest ranking surviving members that were made up from the ashes of their former intergalactic society. He felt that it did not actually matter in the slightest, they were just kings and queens idling and loafing around in their figurative castles. He knew that they hadn't done any real work in centuries if not longer. They'd likely forgotten about hardwork and overcoming trials as they continued to lay stagnant in their self-imposed isolated cages.

And yet they still had overwhelming political power over him. As much as their authority had faded into symbolism and formalities in his mind, their connections that still kept their strained society loosely connected were vital to his plans. As such, he had to act as though they were his elders, men and women to be respected and treated with upmost dignity.

He hated every god damn minute that he had to spend inside a virtual hologram room with them. Every second he wasted there was one more that that enabled them to spread their ignorance and idiocy. It was also very frustrating because he couldn't simply walk away and do his own thing. If he didn't play along with their mindless charades then they would do everything in their power to end him and his entire plan, despite him heading down this path by their request.

Again, no matter how weak their grip over the galaxy now was, it was still strong enough for them to be able to amass an insanely powerful army of mercenary super soldiers that could easily find and kill him. He needed more time... and even stronger Reapers... before he could begin stage two of his plan. It still involved saving as many Creators as he felt were worthy of course but he would be the solitary leader. He would bring ruin to those who were ruining them.

He had no other choice.

***

Sometime later, he wiped the gross sweat from his body and calmed himself down with a cold hard shower. Afterwards he splashed water on his face at his bathroom sink, repeatedly, and dried himself off. He put on one of his best pieces of attire, a black dress shirt, along with a dark blue sequin pair of pants and suit jacket.

It was time.

He made his way out of his personal living quarters with a confident stride and walked for about a minute to his holo-communication room. The various multi-colored lights inside the confined space shone brightly and seemed to reflect upon nothing. They made him look like he was standing in space, if one wouldn't look too closely at the abstract metallic walls around the room of course.

It didn't take long for the eight council members to show up along various holographic projectors that were arranged in a half circle in front of him. He forced himself to smile.

"Council." He bowed lightly. "It's good to see you."

"Is it?" The Archdeacon, who wore a bright red robe and had long black hair as dark as sin spoke up first. "Well, let us not waste any time then."

The rest of the Council, in turn, nodded silently and sat down on their virtual chairs. He continued to stand, since he had no other option.

"So," The Archdeacon continued. "You are here to give us an update, using your own words and not some computer generated report, about your current progress? Out with it then."

He steeled his nerves and tried not to look uncomfortable at all.

"I'm proud to say that things are going very well. We already have close to seventy Reapers under our direct control. Soon enough, we'll have enough security for everyone. Within fifty... no forty years, we will no longer need to rely on disloyal and unreliable mercenary outsiders for our armies." He spoke with an outward display of resolve as he always did.

But he wasn't speaking to his pathetic and ignorant slaves. He was addressing his fellow Creators, people who had known him for tens of thousands of years. His peers and superiors, comrades once... but such is a time long past.

"Disloyalty among the subhuman savages is at an all time low." A blonde woman dressed in green, known as The Watcher, said in an almost mocking tone. "We've got them strictly under our control. This unreliableness that you speak of? Doesn't exist. It's amazing how obedient they are once they realize how easy it is for us to... vaporize them."

"Spreading fear and intimidation among mortals will only get us so far." He countered. "Have we learned nothing from our past? We need devoted soldiers who will serve us without question."

"Do not presume to lecture us." A rather obese blue haired middle age man bellowed. "We all do everything we can to strive for something that won't lead us to ruin once again, that is why you are here isn't it?"

"Forgive me... Baron." He lowered his head with an outward showing of sincerity. "I got too passionate and spoke recklessly I apologize."

"Let's just move on..." The Archdeacon spoke through a sigh.

"Yes yes." The Watcher grumbled, waving her hand away in a dismissive motion. "The reason you are here is because we asked for an update after all, not to listen to some boring political sales pitch about loyalty and security. Just give us the rundown."

He tried to see The Council's facial expressions but the strange light in his holo room made that nearly impossible. That was by their explicitly forced design of course. He cleared his throat and took a deep breath before beginning his report. He used words and explanations that very few Creators outside of The Council would even have a basic understanding of. But in short he was describing the exact scientific processes that allowed his Sentinels, and by extension The Reapers, to function. When he was finished the room was silent for a few seconds.

"So what you're saying is," The Archdeacon said rather plainly, "Is that the actual science is... inconclusive? This is most unnerving but it's what The Council expected."

"The results in the field speak for themselves." He tried to not sound desperate. "The Reapers are functioning as intended."

"That's not what the provable non-biased scientific data tells us though." An elderly woman, known as The Matriarch replied slowly and clearly. "Even you do not know with 100% certainty how your Eternum AI cores function completely, as you've just admitted to The Council."

A single bead of sweat came out from his forehead and crossed his cheek on its way out. He hoped they wouldn't notice it.

"The fact is, I've been doing this successfully for over thirty-seven years now... and not a single Reaper has malfunctioned or turned against us. They think of me... of us... as their literal parents and deities. They're completely devoid of free will." He said his first wrong word but tried to cover it up with another sentence.

He didn't even have time to curse inside.

"Is that why you look like that?" The Archdeacon spoke again, referring to his pure white hair. "Playing house with your... artificial sub-servants? Pretending to be their father, insisting that they call you that, telling them that all their dreams will come true if they follow you?"

His smile slowly faded away. His anger grew harder to hide. Still he kept his composure, although just barely.

"As I just said... absolutely nothing has gone wrong. They're only hostile to our enemies as they're programmed to be." His mind reflexively went to Vaine and he had to hold back a frown. "They are the perfect... no the only solution. What more proof do you need?"

"Look... Liam, I'll say what we're all thinking." The Archdeacon broke protocol by saying his real name but spoke honestly. "I get it, you want to help us the only way you know how. But we ordered you and our other top nine scientists, the best of the best, to fix our fertility problem. You are the only one who decided to ignore our council and play literal god instead with AI and the most dangerous substance in the known universe."

"Are we not Creators?" He almost spat back in an angry tone but just ended up sounding annoyed instead. "We are of divine blood. Our problems won't be fixed simply by being able to produce offspring again. We need a firm certainty of a successful future first... then we can spread our wings and grow our population once that is no longer an issue. If there are too many of us, without trustworthy subjects to help us with law and order... the same thing will happen again... and you know all know it. It would only be a matter of time before our countless numbers of enemies would overtake us again. I'm the only one fucking brave enough to do what has to be done."

"We all know how dangerous memory altering and mind control tech is." The Archdeacon shot back. "And Eternum, even more so. You have a decade. If you can't prove to us with the raw data that Reapers are 100% flawless by then... we'll have no choice but to revoke your funding and forcibly put an end to your research. For the good of us all, you had better hope that you are correct."

With that... the meeting ended and all the other Creators disappeared into a cloud of data particles. He swore loudly and repeatedly. He knew how stubborn they were but he also expected something like this would happen. He tried to prevent it but alas they've given him no choice. Within ten of his years he'd have to assassinate each of the councilman and women without drawing suspicion to himself. How he would pull that off he had naught a clue.

But he would find a way do it. He would survive. He always did.

*047*2023-04-08 05:48

Heya all, Vaine here.

Phew, I'm glad chapter 10 was approved. I don't intentionally push the uhh, violent limitations of this website but I also don't wanna censor myself. Thank you mods if you're reading this, really appreciate it. Regardless I have quite a bit to say so I shall get to it hmm.

There's no other way to put this, this chapter was a blast to write. I really loved working on it and I'm proud of how it turned out. Once again only a month of in-universe time went by but ehh, I'm not so worried about the pacing anymore. I keep planning to "skip time" more and just end up not doing it so whatever lol. I hope you all enjoy this chapter as much as I do, I love how Vaine was written in this chapter honestly, I didn't expect her have an emotional breakdown and tell everything to Sorcha but that's where the story told me it wanted to go and thus here we are.

Anyway yeah the Jason scene... was planned for awhile but nothing else was really. Nevertheless as I've repeated I'm glad it turned out this way. I really wanted to get the picture of Jason's shit eating grin correct and while it's not perfect it's pretty damn good. We've finally seen the real Jason and yeah it's not pretty. Kinda revealed the "real Vaine" too if you wanna argue that but yeah don't worry, don't plan on having her sever many dicks in the future. It grew back don't worry Jason will be fine. Vaine's brutal wrath will uh, mostly not be quite so graphic, I hope.

I wanted to mention to that aside from a few more planned sex scenes, I'm kinda running out of "unique" sex ideas right now lol. I'm so lame I know. So I'm not gonna worry too much about it. I was going out of my way to avoid "vanilla" sex scenes but we'll see more of those in the future even if I've already written them before. Regardless I hope you enjoy Vaine's second scene where she pisses her pants, first time purposefully. It's not a huge kink of mine to see wet pants although wet panties for me are sexy as fuck so yeah. I worked hard on it anyway and I like how it turned out. Hopefully those who like the specific omo sub-kink more than me will enjoy it lol.

Lastly, we have our first Interlude. These will be non-sex(no promises) and no piss(probably) world/universe building lore exposition quickies. It gives me a chance to share with ya'll a perspective outside of Vaine's narrow viewpoint. And what better perspective to have right now than Father, lol. These will be entirely optional to read and every main chapter will always be from V's PoV but yeah, I'll write an interlude after every 10 chapters or so, probably. If I feel like I need more I will but for now that seems like a good balance.

Thanks for reading my after chapter text wall, good morning, afternoon, evening, where ever you may be. Happy reading and stay wet down there.

~Much Love, Vaine Steele.

EDIT: I've started to catalog this story into a blog, both to organize it better and make it easier to read while also giving me the ability to edit older chapters that I've noticed errors in. I'll still do my best to have as little errors as possible but at least this way, the ones that slip past me for too long can be fixed, since I can't edit forum posts that are over a month old. Plus it'll allow me to fix some inconsistencies that have popped up. (Theta Sentinels being accidentally called Beta Sentinels early on for example.)

It'll take me a few days but I should have the entire story up there soon. I'll continue to post it here as well of course, just letting you all know.

*049*2023-04-10 22:32

{{2 hours ago, orangelion said:

Damn, I didn't expect Jason to be so cruel. Glad Vaine realized how much of a jerk he is and now has Sorcha to talk about with.

}}

Yeah I'm glad too. 🙂

{{2 hours ago, orangelion said:

The interlude with The Creator is really interesting.

}}

Thank you very much. I hope you continue to enjoy them. 😛

*050*2023-05-26 22:31

Chapter 11: Much Piss, Much Wow

- Wednesday October 1st, 2008 -

Morning.

I wake up in Sorcha’s bed. Her soft chest rises and falls as she breathes and it's just beautiful. I’m quite tempted to urinate all over her breasts but you know, boundaries. We’ve already agreed that we’d not preform any pissplay in each other’s beds, which is a shame but I understand of course.

Why am I talking so much about pee right now you may be asking?

Because my bladder is about to explode! Like good god my lower tummy bulge is so visible right now… we ate and drank way too much last night in our celebrations following the competition. I meekly crawl out of bed and make my way to her master bathroom while doing my best not to let any leakage escape from my slit. The absurd amount of physical training I’ve done over these past couple of months has probably managed to strengthen my bladder as well as silly as that may sound.

I open her bathroom door and lift up the marble toilet bowl lid. I stand over it and thrust out my hips out as I pull my vulva lips apart with my fingers and l let out a deep sigh. This… is the best feeling in the world when it comes to pissing… the moment before you know you’re going to feel so much better in an instant. A few small dribbles of urine escape my urethra and run down my leg before a hot stream shoots out of my pussy and I whimper out softly at the feeling of relief.

"Ahhh…" I exhale as I relax my vaginal muscles over the toilet.

I know the feeling quite well and yet the amazing bliss of it never dies, every time I pee now it's like I'm soaring on cloud nine. The warm sensations that radiate through my nethers is so intoxicating that I often forget where I am. I’m so tempted to masturbate as I continue to force the piss out of my deflating bladder. But I don’t even get the chance to as I feel a soft hand caress my furred buttcheek and a single finger that briefly teases the soft inside of my anal rim.

“Morning hun.” A sleepy Sorcha nuzzles my ear as I continue to urinate.

She’s clearly enjoying the show as she softly teases my asshole.

"Mhm…" I mumble as I finish urinating, which takes me about another sixty seconds by the way and I start to clean myself off afterwards.

I take the wet wipes from her vanity and dry myself thoroughly. My mind drifts to last night and how amazing she was. I don’t have to imagine for very long though as she squats over the toilet with her dazzling fat yellow ass in front of my hips and smirks. She lets her bladder loose and her warm pee drips into the toilet as it merges with mine. I grab her left buttcheek and squeeze as she yelps, god she’s so fucking sexy.

"You like that, huh?" She coos as the scent of her golden nectar starts to overpower my own.

“So do you…” I lick my lips. “I can see the horniness radiating off of you.”

Watching her piss is making my pussy so wet... I just wanna eat out her ass... but I can’t. Her urine stream lasts only about twenty five seconds, much shorter than mine but it's still a treat for the eyes. After we briefly tease each other while half asleep, we shower and dry ourselves off. I put on my usual training gear before breakfast while Sorcha still tries to convince me that I don't need clothes, which she does nearly every morning I should say. We have a nice warm herbal tea along with some poached eggs, bacon and some fruit, kiwis this time.

Pretty much all my mornings spent with Sorcha go this way... it's quite nice. Sometimes we spend our night with other Reapers but it's usually just us with me being busier than everyone else. I can't wait until November when I finally have a day off again, Sorcha is already planning some surprises for when that time arrives. But alas I just have one more month of punishment... for cutting Jason's dick off.

Ok it wasn't just for that but you know come on it's funny now. Despite the cute assassin robots that continue to watch me twenty four hours a day, seven days a week I still laugh inside whenever I think of Jason's misery in that moment. God I'm terrible. Anyway yeah not much else to talk about really, I just wanted to share my current routine.

And oh yeah, the third month of training starts today and something is new so I'll talk about that too. When we get to the gym we feel... heavier. Father informs us that the gravity in our workout area will be twenty percent stronger than we're used to from now on, in order to strengthen our bodies even further than before. God damn I was joking about Dragon Ball Z training before but now it's reality! What the fuck brain?

Good fucking god this is almost like day one all over again, this is intensely difficult. Just when I thought my body gotten used to this absurd push it to the limit regimen we're going beyond that now. Fuck me in the ass. Actually don't.

Actually... do? Gah focus girl.

The usual sprinting and stretching that we do is mostly the same I guess but holy hell the push ups, sit ups and weight lifting are just obnoxious. I feel like I'm going to pass out several times from exhaustion but somehow I stay conscious. My body is getting enough oxygen even if it doesn't feel like it. I'm sweating bricks and drinking alot more water... which means more piss later on... yay. I wonder how it'd feel to urinate in higher gravity? Oof... my pee brain is going straight back to horny thoughts.

Stop it, get some help.

Thanks Michael. Anyway yeah this is brutal. When the six grueling hours are over I just wanna nap... but I can't because well you know we still have our six hours of alchemy training today. At least I survived that physical insanity but we're now onto the mental variation. I should say that I've learned to make Apples, Oranges, Carrots and Potatoes now. They're smaller than normal ones that you'd grow naturally but hey it's a start.

Eating raw taters doesn't sound very appealing but if I'm ever in a situation for some reason where I don't have any supplies... at least I wouldn't starve to death. Not that I would parish that way anyway since my Reaper cells regenerate but being in a constant state of agonizing hunger sounds like a curse. I'm sure some witch somewhere has done that to some vagabond at some point in time. That's a lot of somes. Damn, learn to write better you lazy author you.

Anyway... with basic food and water out of the way I figured I'd focus on learning to alchemize a survival tool of some sort. I want to start off small but I also want something useful so I'm going with a sort of pick-axe/hammer hybrid thing, with a pick at one end and a blunt piece of metal on the other. I could go for something like a knife or a hatchet but I think a tool to dig myself out of something would be far more useful in an emergency. I don't wanna be trapped underground with an asshole for a roommate ever again. Those knives and axes can wait.

But yeah I'm working on one small thing at a time. Should only take me a few days to get a solid handle made consistently, then a couple days for some kind of softer comfortable grip and then finally the metallic head.

Not that kind of head. Sucky sucky.

But yeah that's the plan right now. I don't have much to speak of when it comes to my abilities, when I have a decent update on that I'll let you all know. This month is gonna be absolutely brutal. But at least I'll have Sorcha by my side... and a little bit of Axel and Paisou too.

- Friday October 10th, 2008 -

Today starts off perfectly normal. Only three more Fridays after this... and then my schedule goes back to normal and my "probation period" ends. After the day's training activities are finished, I decide to go and hang out with Paisou for a bit, since Sorcha informed me yesterday that she'd be with Toshia today. It's been a couple of weeks since Paisou and I have talked really, I've just been so busy. I still am of course, just... making the time now. I'm fucking exhausted but even so I'm looking forward to it.

When we meet we awkwardly greet each other as per usual. We decide to eat at an Irish pub of sorts, since they make some of his personal favorite foods in the megastructure. The grub is greasy and probably not very healthy but holy hell it's delicious. Paisou orders two burgers for us, some kinda mushroom mozzarella melt with bacon and a couple onion rings for toppings... or whatever the hell you call the ingredients that you stuff in between two buns. It's pretty damn good actually, I love the flavor of the cheese. It tastes so buttery and smooth and the mushrooms and onion rings add a great flavor and texture at the same time. As I said, it's so damn greasy but very satisfying.

Anyway, after we eat we head to some kind of anime café/love hotel... thingy. The room is covered in a soft teal carpet with nice silver curtains that are covering up the fake windows that I assume reflect the time of day because it's simulating sunset lighting right now. A white linen bed made out of some kind of lighter wood is engraved with a floral pattern on the headboard.

The bed is obviously made for two people and it's pressed against one wall with a nice flat screen TV on the opposite side of the room. There are several pillows scattered across the top of the mattress, one large couch in another corner and several tables and display cases full of weeaboo figurines are placed around the lounge room. This is basically Paisou's second home from what he's told me, he comes here to watch anime all the fucking time whenever he's not training or eating. Must be nice.

We get into bed and snuggle abit as we relax and watch some anime named 'The Big O' which is about this girl who can control space and time and uses her power to solve mysteries and fight crime... or something. I don't know really I'm not paying much attention to it. I'm too tired... and very horny right now.

"Mmm..." I sigh as the warmth of Paisou's furred skin touches mine, I bury my head into his chest. "You're so warm."

"Heh..." He replies as he kisses the top of my head. "It's nice to just chill with you again."

His hand gently rubs up and down the back of my tank top, I lean onto my elbows as I rest my head on a pillow and smile at him. We watch more of the anime together for about fifteen minutes but then I start to get restless because of my inflamed desires. I look over to Paisou and notice that he's staring straight at me, his eyes burning with lust. His hand slowly reaches forward to caress the side of my breast under my tank top and he smiles as his fingers gently slide underneath the fabric and tease my nipple that is imprisoned by my bra. I enjoy his sensual groping, his soft hand is more tender than any other male who's slept with me and yet still just as strong as you'd expect.

I nibble on his cute round raccoon ear as I whisper. "Let's... get more comfortable."

Paisou stops invading my tank top with his fingers and nods. I help him get his shirt off and he pulls my tank top up over my head afterwards. We kiss tenderly a little bit but it doesn't take long for him to grab my yoga pants and pull them off. I unbutton and yank off his jeans as we lay back on the bed in our underwear. His slim frame is so sexy in its own way. We make out for like ten more minutes, just slowly enjoying each other's body heat as the anime continues its consistent background noise. I feel Paisou's half chub brush against my thigh and I let out a chuckle.

"Want me to jerk you off?" I whisper in a sultry voice.

"Yeah... can... can I touch you too? You know, down there?" Paisou speaks with his usual shyness it's just adorable.

"Of course. First one to cum will be... punished." I tease.

We both lay flat on our backs, the left side of my torso and hips is directly touching his right. I can sense his breathing, his warmth and his arousal all at once. I softly start to grope his privates through his boxers as he begins to tease my pussy on the outskirts of my panty fabric. It feels strange yet highly erotic for fingers other than my own to be masturbating for me. I take in a relaxing deep breath as my vagina begins to get moist as he lightly rubs my slit from the outside. I show him my gratitude by firmly grabbing his balls, enjoying the feeling of the soft cotton covering them up and the effect that my groping has on his humid breath.

It's not long before his fingers are inside my panties, sliding around my labia and making their way up into my core. We tease each other slowly, letting our bodies gradually get used to each other's sexual invasion. It doesn't take much time for his dick to become fully erect from my smooth feminine hand exploring the edges of his privates.

My body arches up as he pushes his fingers inside of me a couple minutes later, his digits start to move in and out of my dripping slit with an agonizingly slow speed that almost makes me lose it. I feel so flustered down there that I let out a muffled moan as I bite my lower lip, I'm beyond horny by this point, my pussy wants to cum and squirt out loads of fluids but she'll have to wait. I quickly slide my left hand inside his boxers and jerk off his erect blue cock lustfully. We both moan lightly, it feels great to mutually masturbate like this. But we don't want to finish it that quickly do we? No... we're going to have some fun first.

I lean over him and kiss him on the lips passionately. "Mmm..."

Paisou kisses me back with fervor and excitement, it's obvious that he's just as turned on as me right now. His tongue darts in and out of my mouth as he continues to tease my clit, I don't slow down with my wanking of his member either. Our duo wanking session is getting a bit frantic but I'm enjoying myself thoroughly, I can feel his erection pulsing through my fingers as my sopping cunt threatens to explode girlcum all over his hand. His breathing speeds up as mine does. I feel his hot breath on my neck, I know that he's getting close to finishing... but I still want more. I'm sure he does as well.

"You can... you can cum whenever you want... but I'm not done yet..." I whisper seductively in his ear, he simply moans quietly in response.

He thrusts two fingers into me again at maximum speed, making sure to make my pussy feel every bit of pleasure as it's capable of feeling. He then pulls them out and grabs my panties instead, pulling them down around my knees. I slide his boxers off to the same level and continue to jerk him off furiously. My mind is blank now, just concentrating on pleasuring his cock the best that I can do. I have to ensure that it doesn't slip through my hand. I can feel my climax coming closer by the second, he must be about ready to burst as well considering how avidly he's rubbing me down there. Paisou lean's up towards my ear and lets out a loud groan as I pant heavily.

"Fuck... fuck... uuuugh... your cunt is squeezing tightly against my fingers Vaine..." Paisou squirms with pleasure.

We're both so sweaty now as he thrusts deep into me with his digits, sending shivers down my spine and making my body convulse around him. The heat that he creates in my core feels so incredible, he's really hitting home on his target now... the orgasmic detonation that I've been building up for so long has finally begun.

The pleasure grows more intense and stronger than ever before, his cock ejaculates around my hand as our juices splash against each other's fur coated skin, the sensation of my climax completely overwhelms me and I moan louder than I have for a long while. We both gasp for air as my cumming pussy sends waves of pleasure through me, I can feel loads of girlcum shooting out of my slit like a fucking rifle barrel. I feel him release the last of his cock juice as nearly half of it splatters across my body and he moans happily, he reaches under my arm and grabs his cock so that he can milk out another shot or two before he completely lets go.

I lay on top of him afterwards, exhausted and content... and with an annoying need to pee.

"Who won?" Paisou smiles as his breathing slowly returns to normal. "I think it was a close race."

"It was probably a tie..." I say with a seductive voice. "Which means neither of us have to be punished I guess. We may as well both relieve ourselves and just... fall asleep. I'm tired, so very tired."

He gives me a cute smile and kisses me tenderly on the cheek as he takes off my bra and tosses it away. We're now both naked, apart from our underwear that's still lazily hanging just below our knees.

"You can piss first." I coo. "Then I'll reward you with mine."

Paisou nods and obeys as I feel and hear his spent penis trickle out some urine. Most of it lands on him and the bed but a few drops spurt onto my butt and I laugh as he just casually wets the bed. I'm too lazy to do anything about it so I simply lay ontop of him and relax as the warm fluid splashes everywhere it can. He only pees for about twenty seconds or so but it was nice.

"Sorry I don't... have more in the tank." He looks at me with a slight smile.

"That's ok." I look deep into his eyes as my privates shudder abit. "I have had to pee since before we ate so... I should have plenty inside of me."

I relax my urethra muscles and sigh as I feel my warm bladder start to drain itself onto his privates. It feels so damn good and gravity is doing most of the work. I let go of all the piss that I have in me without holding back. He groans lightly as he's soaked through and he kisses me lightly as I continue to pee on him. The warmth of my own fluids mixes with his own fresh pee and it creates a weirdly pleasurable mixture that I can't get enough of. My pussy feels so nice and satisfied right now as she continues to enjoy urinating. This feeling will never get old. I know that I'll be happy as long as I have someone to share these moments with.

After I finish peeing about a minute later, we both relax and I fall asleep on my stomach beside Paisou rather quickly, feeling much too warm to even care about a blanket right now. My mind drifts off to horny dreams and the day ends on a sexual high.

- Thursday October 16th, 2008 -

Today is a rather... different kind of day. Normally I spend my precious few hours before bed either with someone or by myself in my room just relaxing and shit. But for some reason, I decided to just browse a fake music vinyl store today because of a weird nostalgic mood that I woke up with this morning. Since this uhh, fraudulent place of business was probably made for me since I requested it earlier.

How do I know this you may be asking?

Because every artist, album and single in here is some kind of Heavy Metal subgenre. And I'm pretty sure I'm the only Reaper metalhead on Earth right now. I'm like... enjoying browsing all the rare and out of print records they have available. It's kind of funny though because they're all just duplicates made with alchemy from whatever data the Sentinels and Father gathered from Earth anyway.

Regardless I found this one song that I really like called Fragile Existence by a band called Fractal Eclipse. It begins with a sort of dark atmospheric slow electric guitar intro for about ten to fifteen seconds, then a male singer comes in with a rather melancholy half-speaking drone.

♪ I walk these streets in shadow, with nothing but fear

Every painful breath I take, feels like the last one here ♪

The guitar slowly picks up pace and the drums and bass begin playing as the second half of the verse starts.

♪ My mind is racing, as I face my incoming mortality

The shattering of my soul, it's my compressing reality ♪

The emotion almost instantly skyrockets and I love it as the catchy and shredding chorus tears through my ear holes.

♪ Life is fragile, and it's slipping away

Every day, I'm haunted by the decay

I'm searching for hope, but it's fading fast

Life is fragile, and it won't last ♪

I mean damn the chorus hits like a fucking truck I love it. I guess I won't bore you with more details hmm? Ya'll probably don't care about a song that doesn't exist in your reality anyway. Oops. Anyway the lyrics for the bridge really appeal to me so I guess I'll share those as well.

♪ I'm screaming out, for something to believe

A way to escape, this endless grief

But every answer, feels like a lie

In the end, we all die ♪

Yeah it's basic shit I guess but for some reason, how the lead singer draws out these lyrics is just stunning. I would love to see this band live. Guess that's never going to happen now hmm? They probably did die, considering they were an American band.

Anyway... I guess I'm just here because... I needed a break from everyone and everything. You all ever feel like that? Life is going good, great even, and yet you still have an itch in the back of your mind that just won't go away. It's bothersome. I should be happy right now and enjoying myself to the fullest. And yet, here I am, browsing a fake music store all by myself, just idling the time away doing nothing. I could be getting Axel's dick up my ass right now, instead I'm choosing to isolate myself.

...

Why? Why do I feel this way? Well... I guess the answer lies deep within me somewhere. A mental place that I cannot get to or see at the moment I guess. I don't fucking know alright? It's a damn weird sensation or feeling or whatever. Anyway... I've been here for over an hour... just lost in my own head and listening to random stuff.

It's around this time, about ninety minutes before curfew I think, when I feel a sharp arousing pain deep in my bladder. Ahh fuck I really have to piss out a river right now, maybe even an entire lake. Normally I use the restroom after the day of training is over but today... I just didn't and now I'm facing the consequences in full fucking force.

I was distracted today ok? Shut up...

I forgot to mention that Sorcha and I got an "Iron Bladder" skill out of a horny spur of the moment decision, I can hold a lot more urine inside of me now. The average female bladder can hold 500ml before she leaks out of her honeypot but by then they will be desperate as fuck and ready to explode at any moment. For Sorcha and me though, we can currently hold three liters before we're literally bursting. Yay bigger bladders, kinky.

We did holding session a couple days ago and it was hot as fuck. We pissed for nearly four minutes straight after we both held onto our pee for nearly the whole day. What you want me to write it? Sorry, as I said before I can't jot down everything I do. Well I could but you know, you'd be reading this until you're dead because it'd take hundreds of years just to read like a decade of my life if I wrote it like that.

Anyways... yeah point is I have to pee, very badly. I'm so tempted to just drop my pants and panties right now and piss hard into the shaggy carpet floor beneath my feet but my common sense says I should just go to a nearby washroom. But then, the primal aroused side of my brain is asking... does it really fucking matter? We've established that no matter what we do in this place, Father can observe us wherever and whenever he so chooses... and those bathrooms don't have a shred of privacy anyway. Would... would peeing in here, a room which no one else has even entered, really be so bad? I mean sure I'd make a mess but wouldn't the Theta Sentinels just clean it up anyway?

My aching horny pussy says no, we'll be fine... ahh fuck~

I'm in too much pain to even think straight anymore. I pull off my dull gray yoga pants and throw them into a corner of the room. I press two fingers against my clitoris through my thin white panties and tease it as furiously as I can. I moan lustfully as I thrust my cunt against my digits, gyrating as best I can with a full bladder. Some dribbles of piss leak out of my slit and into my panties but I hold onto the rest of it, don't know for how long though. I have to pee so bad that I swear if I forced it all out now my pussy would be simulating a rocket engine ignition.

My fur feels damp with sweat as I continue to masturbate in this fake public setting. I'm aroused by the thought of some random citizen catching me even though it's obviously impossible. I manage to let out a smile as a thin stream of urine escapes my urethra. I'm so close to bursting...

"Ahh shit..." I laugh briefly. "It's coming out. Ahhh..."

I pull my wet panties away from my crotch area and relax my bladder. As I do so a massive gush of piss exits my slit and I moan loudly. I'm so close to cumming... but just when I'm getting ready to push myself over the proverbial sexual cliff I hear the ringing of the bell above the front door of the shop. Someone has walked inside.

I turn to face who it is as I'm forced to edge myself to stop my body from climaxing... and it's Eris. Catching me with my pants down. Literally.

She's looking at me with a smug look on her bitch face, I can't tell if she's secretly enjoying watching me pee or if it's just plain disgust written all over her taunting smirk. She's wearing some kinda business suit. Odd fashion choice but alright.

"You should have worn a diaper today..." She holds back a laugh with her fingers to her mouth. "... You would have at least looked more dignified having an accident in one of those instead."

This is the first time she's seeing my lady bits and hopefully it'll be the last. My pissing pussy shudders with delight as it continues what it's just barely started. I would have been embarrassed as fuck probably less than a month ago if anyone but a lover saw me urinating. Eris and me don't get along at all but I'm enjoying the sensation of peeing too much to care about what she thinks or sees in the slightest.

"Why are you here?" I stare at her rather casually as I cover my cunt back up, instantly wetting my panties and causing my urine to briefly splay all over the place. It's still shooting out just as absurdly strong as it was before it'll just take a half second longer to get to the ground or so. My urethra is aching with pleasure from the liquid flowing through it and it feels amazing, despite this assface being here right now.

Eris sighs. "I just wanted to talk to you in private. I didn't know you'd be pissing on the floor like some wild animal."

"Nature called, I answered, simple as that." I explain as I bite my lower lip, enjoying the sensation of my warm wet panties clinging to my pussylips a bit too much. "What could we possibly have to discuss? You clearly don't like me and I really haven't spoken to you much at all."

"I wanted to speak with you about Jason." Her facial expression changes from one of mockery to one of bitterness.

At hearing that name, I push internally on my bladder's muscles to force some more pee out of me after an involuntary deep breath and it shoots out harder than if I were to just let it flow naturally. Fuck it feels so good but shit... why does she wanna talk about Jason of all things? Talking about him at any time would be annoying... but discussing him while I'm enjoying such a nice piss? What the fuck is wrong with this world?!

Ahhh... ahhh fuck my crying slit feels too good, almost as if I could just melt into floor and leave everything else behind. I've got to stay focused, I can't cum in front of Eris, she's not worthy of witnessing such an event. I refuse to let her see such glory!

...

What were we talking about again? The sounds and scents of my golden juices soaking into the carpet have made me momentarily forgetful. Oh yes, Jason, blech.

"What could I possibly have to say about that fucking asshole?" I stare at Eris more seriously as I turn towards her while still peeing profusely. "You and I have had our strong dislike for each other for awhile now but he is far worse. He's worth less than the shit stains on your panties."

"Oh yeah?" Eris snarls, she's pissed now, me I'm just pissing literally. She takes two steps closer to me, which is brave of her I admit. It brings her closer to my yellow lemonade fountain afterall. "Look I don't care that you're his vindictive ex-girlfriend and you say you hate him now. Just stay the fuck away from him from now on."

My face inadvertently switches from one of annoyance to one of pure surprise. I just look at her dumbfounded for literally like three seconds. The steady sounds of my pee stream gargling on the soaking wet carpet below me is the only noise heard right now. It's... surprisingly peaceful.

I burst out howling like I just heard the funniest joke ever and my piss starts shooting out faster in spurts from my uncontrollable laughter, it hurts but feels so damn good as well... I just wanna cum so bad but I manage to resist. I cross both of my arms in front of my stomach and kneel over a tadbit in an attempt to stop my body from chuckling so hard but it doesn't work. After about five seconds I regain control of myself and resume my upright posture as I outstretch my hand towards Eris in a half-hearted apologetic way.

My buzzing piss stream returns to its normal speed as I begin speaking again. "I'm sorry, that was just too hilarious. If you made more jokes like that more often maybe we would actually be friends one day."

"Why are you still peeing?!" She shouts, obviously more annoyed than ever before. "Like good god what the hell is wrong with your body?!"

"I had a full bladder when you came in here and I only just started going then. Your timing for witnessing this was perfect." I smirk somewhat proudly at my lewd, disgustingly wet and now slimy panties. "Besides I can urinate for nearly four minutes straight now and it's only been about seventy or eighty seconds so far."

"I wasn't aware that you were keeping track of your personal best wee time, Jason's right you are a freak." Eris practically spits at me. "Look, just stop contacting him, all right? Leave him alone and focus on your badger milf bitch girlfriend."

My playful annoyance is gone now. She shouldn't have mentioned Sorcha in such a negative way.

"I hate to say this but you really are a dumbass." I bare my teeth as I seethe with anger, which forces more piss out of my pussy briefly as a consequence.

"Really?" Eris crosses her arms again. "Enlighten me you cunt."

"You see these adorable robot assassin Sentinels that are around me right?" I wave at them and they kinda do a cute little gesture back I love it. "They'd have a fit if Jason got as close to me as you are right now. If Jason or I even think about killing each other they would slay the first one who attempted it."

"Now it seems like you are the stupid one or you're just deflecting." Eris' composure doesn't change as I squeeze more pee out of my urethra in a vain attempt to anger her further. "I mean the messages. Stop texting him, cut him off completely and I won't have a problem with you anymore."

Once again I'm stunned into silence. I'd tell you the only noise that could be heard right now but I already did that a few paragraphs ago.

"I've never texted him since the day we broke up and I've barely even thought about him since, you know, when I chopped his dick off." I say plainly. "Don't worry the one he's boning you with now is a fresh one, it doesn't have any atomic traces of my vaginal fluid on it."

"Our relationship is none of your damn business." She responds defensively. "I don't care for your lies... coming here seems to have been a waste of time. If your stalking behavior continues I'll go to Father with this information. Despite what you may think of me I don't want to do that."

She talked for so long that I almost forgot about the heat that was still engorged around my leaking vagina. Jason has told her lies hmm. Shocker. Still... I don't get why he would say I've been harassing him with text messages... at first. But then I think about it for a moment and then it just kind of clicks as the gears turn inside my head.

"Eris you made your relationship my problem when you came here to bitch about it to me." I state seriously. "I hate you, I do. But even someone like me doesn't want you being with a loathsome piece of shit like Jason. He's a liar, a two-bit conman. He wears a mask of a damaged college student with daddy issues but in reality he's just a scheming dickwad who seems to enjoy toying with women."

I sigh as she stays silent. "I can't believe I'm about to give you some sort of advice but stay the hell away from him. Enjoy any other dick in this place hell I'm sure Axel would love to fuck all of us on separate occasions and probably Toshia too, hell Paisou would fall for your charms as well I'm sure. Instead of being with one or more of them you picked the worst Reaper here. I feel sorry for you in a way. But then again you are an idiot so I can't say I'm surprised."

Eris looks angry with me now. Of course she does. I don't even think she's focused on my peeing anymore. Oh wait it's only me who's enjoying that, right right right she is straight after all, I think.

"You're such a filthy lying whore." Eris raises her voice and makes no more attempts to hide her emotions. "You're surrounded by Reapers who adore you and yet you'd cast them away to someone else's bed just like that? My god you're just evil."

"We're all evil." I joke with an over-the-top wicked smile. "We're Reapers."

"You've been handed everything on a damn silver platter!" Eris unfiltered tone remains the same. "Even Father is training you personally and clearly is trying to give you an advantage over the rest of us!"

"Really?!" Oh now I'm angry again too. "You think that me being forced to train every single day for two months straight without a weekly break is an advantage?! I'm tired all the fucking time, sore as shit all over my body and I have almost no personal time for myself or my girlfriend. Yet you and your loverboy Jason can go to a fake beach or watch a movie in some grand replica theatre or go to a stripper casino or whatever the fuck-"

I want to say more but I need to take in a breath. Eris uses the chance to fire back with her words.

"Oh please, what are you talking about? You get to fuck all the other men here whenever you'd like! You're the most popular girl here! That should be me! I'm sexier, smarter and bolder than you! What the fuck makes you so special?!" Eris is just losing herself like a ranting loon right now.

Quack quack.

"Oh I get it now... ahh." I can't hold back a moan anymore I've edged myself for too long. Still pissing. Yuppers. Get used to it. "You're jealous of me. You've already approached one or two of them haven't you? Which of them rejected your seductive advances I wonder? Whoever it was, good for them. Ahh shit I wanna cum but you don't even deserve to see that.... fuck fuck..."

I grab my crotch instinctively to try and hold back the breached golden dam and I cannot. I'll probably be going for another minute.

"Fuck you." She practically whispers under her breath but it's still loud enough for me to hear it.

"So... heh." I have to resist a laugh. "The only one who hasn't rejected your romantic advances is Jason for some reason. And now he can't get an erection when you both try to have sex because he secretly doesn't find you attractive... so he lies about it and blames it on me? Makes perfect sense now. You two were made for each other. Like a cancerous sperm and an unfertilized egg. Don't worry, if you just wear a strap-on and fuck him in the ass I'm sure you shitheads will both enjoy that to some degree."

"Fuck you!!" Eris says way it louder this time. "I'm leaving. Talking to you was clearly a waste of my time! And you smell like piss you dirty slut!"

That's how you know you've won an argument, when the other side can no longer do anything but hurl insults at you. Did we really even have an argument at all? Ahh, whatever. I don't know if Jason really is impotent or not but I'll assume that he is now until I see otherwise. It would be so fucking hilarious if it's true. Either way, Jason is clearly still miserable and I'm much happier than before... I'm quite glad about that.

"One more thing before you leave Eris..." I try to hide my true intentions by speaking seriously.

"What is it you cunt?" She turns back around, still seething.

I smile as I rip my panties off, exposing myself to Eris for hopefully the last time. Before she can even react I place both hands above my pussy and thrust out my hips. I aim my urine stream at Eris and manage to wee all over her shirt for about half a second before she screams at me.

"Fucking REALLY?!" She shrieks so loud and quickly walks towards me, getting more piss stains on her clothes like an idiot.

She's about to slap me but right before she moves her raised hand to my face, the Gamma Sentinel's eyes begin to glow a deep red and point their tiny cute laser guns directly at Eris' piss-stained chest. She curses and backs away as my pee stream finally starts to weaken against her office skirt.

"Now you smell like my urine. Enjoy it. It'll be the only golden shower I ever give you." I taunt her as she gives me the middle finger.

The bell above the store's door rings and she leaves as my flowing piss begins to sputter out from my cunt in large droplets like an overspent car engine.

'Fuck fuck fuck! I can't believe I pissed on her! That was awesome!' I yell happily inside my head.

'That was pretty fun we admit.' My AI Core chirps. 'But Father is probably going to be upset with us.'

I masturbate my clitoris hard and receive my orgasmic reward within seconds. I cry out with pleasure as I finally stop pissing and my pussy releases a few waves of clear girlcum instead. God it feels so amazing. I... I wanna get my acidic urine ability now so I can kill my enemies in the future with my pee if I so desire. Guess I have a new goal to work on.

'Relax...' I practically can hear my thoughts panting from post-climatic bliss. 'We did nothing to hurt her physically. All we did was have an argument that got very heated... and moist.'

Needless to say, I head home with my sexy ass exposed and have a nice warm bath before bed. I hope Eris stays away from me but if she doesn't I should just pee on her again. I mean I won't probably because Father will likely forbid it in the future but maybe he won't care?

Either way, what an eventful day. A truly... beau-pee-ful conversation.

...That was bad I'm sorry.

~~Friday October 31st, 2008~~

Well the day has finally arrived. The final day of my punishment is here... and the third Reaper competition will begin soon. I believe Father referred to it as the Test of Constitution. Whatever that means exactly I don't know. Speaking of Father... he hasn't said a word about the rather hilarious time when I pissed on Eris out of spite. Every time I've thought about that for the last couple of weeks I've not been able to wash away the shit eating grin that appears on my face afterwards. When I told Sorcha about it she didn't think it was funny but she was also glad that no one got hurt.

Anyway enough talking about Eris she's taken up enough pages for this chapter as is. Ahem anyways.

After I get up and you know, piss, bathe and get dressed in the usual tepid training gear, I'm led to another bland minimalistic yet still neon-lit gym. Everyone else is here too within minutes. I was the first to arrive oddly enough although not by much. Once all of us are here, seven long ropes seem to burst out of the ceiling and are just... hanging there. Besides that, nothing is really all that unique about this place, it's fairly empty otherwise.

Father enters within a couple minutes of the ropes dropping, wearing a flashy red suit this time along with some matching ruby rings on his right hand. Going with bold colors today I see.

"Welcome, to the third exam of twelve, the Test of Constitution." Father begins his speech as warmly and confidently as he always does. "As before, your Reaper powers will be turned off, since this is a showcase of your physical body's abilities only. I will warn you all ahead of time, this test is one of the most... unpleasant ones. But it's also necessary to showcase the results of your training. You will be bound by a rope around both of your wrists, raised into the air until your feet are off of the ground. Then you will take offensive blows that will start off fairly easy based on your body mass index and slowly get stronger as the test proceeds."

Holy shit you mean we're gonna get beaten like pieces of meat on a hook like Rocky Balboa himself? Damn.

"Try to stay conscious for as long as possible." Father continues with a serious look. "As I said this is a rather crude and primitive evaluation but there may sometimes be assignments that you go on where you get captured as a prisoner. You may either be undercover to find an elusive target or it may just plain bad luck. Regardless of the circumstances though, you will have to learn how to endure brutal torture during enemy interrogations if you are sent on one of said missions. I wish all of you the best of luck."

Father leaves the room and we each stand under a rope. We raise our arms above our heads and are ready for the Theta Sentinels who've just come in to bind our hands. This is gonna suck so much... but I just gotta endure, like Father said. A Theta Sentinel walks up to me... and pulls my tank top over my head and casts it away. I look to my left to see Paisou beside me, he's now shirtless too and from what I can tell from my narrow perspective, everyone is.

My hands are then bound and I'm raised about two feet off of the ground. Wait... this is similar to being nailed on a wooden cross or something isn't it? Yeah the ancient Romans used to attach people to them or to stakes and they'd eventually suffocate because of the pressure that stretching your limbs out like this would create around your lungs. You could only endure it for so long before you involuntarily relaxed your spent muscles and choked on your own skin or ribs I guess. That would be an awful way to go.

Anyway... I'm not saying I'm Jesus Christ or anything but yeah this just reminded me of that... hmm.

As I'm lost in thought about the almighty fictional lord in the sky, my yoga pants are forcibly yanked down and pulled off like some highschool pranksters did it just because they wanted to see my panties. I look at Paisou again and sure enough he's only wearing his boxers. I guess we're all in our underwear now hmm? Well, except for Sorcha she's always nude like the brave babe she is.

"Let the Test of Constitution... begin." Father's voice comes through some kind of intercom and a loud buzzer goes off.

Shit.

The horny Theta Sentinel who stripped me now has a metallic shaped boxing glove attached to one of it's... limbs? When did the horndog get that?

I don't have time to make more mental jokes though because the first punch comes to my gut and I writhe in pain. Good god Father was right this is ass. this is bird shit. I'll spare you the gory details on this one but just know it was some of the worst pain I've felt in a while, not as bad as nearly burning alive after I killed that Flawed Reaper months ago mind you but still really damn unpleasant.

I think I only take like eight or nine blows before everything goes black. When I awaken again I don't know how much time has passed, I'm just laying on the cold wooden floor, in the fetal position, no longer bound by anything. I slowly get up as I see that Father is getting ready to speak again and notice mostly everyone else is standing already.

"Good work. I'm sorry that I had to put you through all that, it was painful for me to watch." Father's empathy is clear in his voice. "I will show you the results."

As soon as he utters those words, a bright white monitor shows up on a wall in front of us and shows us the numbers.

Reaper Rank (Test of Constitution)

Axel Cress - 7 Points

Eris Bellington - 6 Points

Toshia Kamagst - 5 Points

Sorcha Hansal - 4 Points

Jason Hawkright - 3 Points

Vaine Steele - 2 Points

Paisou Kayo - 1 Point

Wait what? Eris got second? Damnnnn that bitch can take some abuse.

...

Sorry, I don't advocate for domestic violence it's just a dark joke. I hate her but even I'd feel bad if some asshole was treating her like shit.

Oh wait that buttmuncher is Jason, nevermind then. Granted that's mental shit and not physical- whatever it doesn't matter. They're terrible for each other, we've already established this. Man this chapter has way too much Eris shit in it.

Ok ok fine, I'm sorry I said it ok? Jeebus. She'll live.

Anyway damn I sucked at this one. Not surprising I guess but ehh, whatever, at least the pain is gone now. I'm in far too happy a mood to care about my rank these days. I have nine months of training left to at least beat Jason and Eris anyway, still got plenty of time. A couple seconds later, our total points pop up.

Reaper Rank (October 2008)

Axel Cress - 15 Points

Sorcha Hansal - 14 Points

Jason Hawkright - 13 Points

Toshia Kamagst - 12 Points

Paisou Kayo - 11 Points

Eris Bellington - 11 Points

Vaine Steele - 8 Points

I'm back in last again, oh well. As I said I'll pass that bitch ass cunt again soon. Jason has been knocked off of the top by Axel, Huzzah! Sorcha has passed him now as well so I'm proud of her.

"Please head back to your personal quarters and get dressed for our family meal. I'll serve it in twenty minutes. Be sure to pick out something nice for yourselves to wear. You all did excellent today." Father states with a mellow and dignified voice.

With that we all get into a pod and head to well, you heard him, our rooms. I walk into my bathroom and unhook my sweaty bra and pull my dirty panties off of my perfect butt. It's only then when I notice a large mostly dried stain around the crotch area of my white undies. Did... I piss myself while I took blow after blow? Damn... I must have urinated and not enjoyed it. How very rare these days. Oh well.

I toss the spent underwear down the laundry chute and walk to my bedroom closest, something I haven't looked through for a long while since I've worn either nothing at all, heh, or just my basic training outfit that a Theta Sentinel brings me every morning. I can't wait to have a day once a week for myself again, almost feels like a lifetime ago at this point even if it's only been for two months.

Anyway I pick out a cute bra and panties, they're red with little black hearts on them and trimmed black lace around the edges. The bra is really soft too and make my modest boobs look slightly bigger but not vulgar which is good for Father's dinner party or whatever you'd call this thing.

For the clothing above my glorious naughty bits I should pick something fancy. You know me I love black but I'm not going to a metalcore concert or a funeral, I should pick another color that goes well with my black fur. I decide to go with a dark royal blue one-piece silk dress that goes down to my knees. I put on some sapphire earrings, spray my hair with some kinda funky fusion of perfume with the label of 'floral tonic' and add a small silver necklace as a final touch.

I then leave my room, enter another transport pod and within minutes I'm standing in the luxurious dining hall where we've always had this end-of-the-month meal. The grand room's decorations are a mix of orange, yellow and brown this time, likely to reflect the autumn season I guess. It is Halloween after all, not that we care I guess. Most of the others are already here, including Sorcha in all her nudist glory. She's got an auburn topaz necklace in the shape of a heart around her neck, it goes well with the color of her beautiful yellow nipples. I can't help but stare at her white furred chest as she walks up to me and kisses me briefly.

"Hello dear." Sorcha coos. "I hope you're ready for your surprise tonight."

"Of course." I nearly involuntarily shudder as my panties get wetter in her presence. "I'm very much looking forward to it."

We sit down side by side at the ornate dining table, eager to eat our meal. Father arrives in about five minutes after Sorcha and I have basically been talking dirty to each other and another bit of time after that, the Theta Sentinels begin to set the table with our tasty and I'm sure downright alien meal.

For an appetizer they present to us what looks like some kind of rolled up sushi that contains purple octopus or something on a bed of white leaves. It's covered in a thin layer of a hazy brown sauce and it looks kinda disgusting but it smells delicious. When I put it inside my mouth, the flavors seem to meld together perfectly. It tastes slightly tangy and spicy and very chunky too, it's fantastic.

I'm not a food critic all right? I don't know how to describe it any better.

Anyway, when the Theta Sentinels bring out the main course, my stomach is already content. I ate like eight of the octopus treats. They were good, shut up I don't need your naggy bullshit. Regardless, they serve each of us a serving of what Father calls 'Celestial Crustacean Ravioli'. Basically it's blue and purple pasta squares with cheesy bright yellow sauce on the inside. Yeah it's meant to look like you're eating outer space, or something.

Cute.

I know I sound like a broken record here but it's fucking delicious, blending all kinds of flavors that I never knew existed. It's so soothing and makes me feel like I'm actually floating out in the dark void itself. Yeah I know that's weird but putting this dish into words you can comprehend is rather difficult. By the time I'm finished the amazing Italian-inspired dish, I'm full, that's gonna turn into a bunch of piss that Sorcha and I can play with tonight... hehe.

But yeah I enjoyed it. For dessert, we're served a soufflé that's bright in coloration, a visual palette that is a stark contrast to our main course. As I dig inside with a fork I see what appears to be tiny crystalized... sugar of some sort? Whatever it is, a mouthful of this tasty treat is absolutely divine and a perfect way to end the meal.

After we eat and I part ways with everyone, I get changed into training gear again of course and prepare for my final eight hour training session with Father. I may have forgotten to mention last month that since it's a competitive day Father trains me for only eight hours instead of the normal twelve. Oops.

Regardless, I'm still not used to the higher gravity but I push onwards. To my surprise, Father and I actually engage in a conversation, which is rather rare honestly, at least while he's training me.

"Your probation period ends today." Father says rather casually. "I take it your looking forward to having a normalized schedule starting tomorrow."

"Yes Father." I speak while doing pushups. "I'm thankful for the extra training but I'll be glad to have a day of rest once a week again."

"I'm glad to hear it." Father smiles. "So... are we going to discuss the disagreement that you had with Eris a couple weeks ago?"

I tense up and slowly stand. Of course Father didn't forget about that and of course he knew.

"There's not much to say." I begin rather slowly. "Things got... heated and I lost my temper. But nobody got hurt so... yeah."

"Anger is an extremely strong emotion." Father cautions me. "And while it's beneficial to use and exploit for one's advantage it can also be very dangerous if left unchecked. I know you're still young but please make an effort to control it, even if you have to unleash it on something else later on."

"I... understand." I say with genuine meekness. "It won't happen a second time. I won't... urinate on her again. If Jason or Eris try to talk to me I'll just ignore them from now on... it'll be... safer that way."

"Good. Remember that we're all a family. Despite our clashes of personality and petty gripes we have a common goal, to bring order and peace to this chaotic galaxy of ours." Father talks as though he's speaking to a large crowd again.

"Yes Father."

With those words, my training continues as normal. I hold my bladder all the while, saving its contents for tonight. It's not that bad anyway in fact it feels rather nice and warm even though I have to pee a bit. Regardless, the training session ends and I'm finally free to spend the last like four or five hours of the day with Sorcha.

She has a surprise for me and I'm really curious with what it is. I open up the ReaperChat app on my core and message her.

Vaine Steele 10/31/08 7:18PM:

Hey babe I'm on my way to you. It won't spoil my surprise if I head to you right? Love you. ❤️

She texts me a few minutes later just as I'm entering a transport pod.

Sorcha Hansal 10/31/08 7:22PM:

Sure hun, we'll be waiting for you. ~XOXO

Wait we?

Yeah... we. When I get to the place where Sorcha is, which literally looks like a creepy and generic floor of a hospital, I meet up with her... and Axel. He's dressed in a cheap doctor's outfit, well a white lab coat to be more accurate. Besides that he has a fake stethoscope around his neck, that circular headband that they only wear in cartoons and spotted boxers covering his huge crotch. He's not wearing anything else in terms of clothing.

"Paisou said he was exhausted today after the competition wore him out so he's recuperating in his room." Sorcha explains. "We were planning a foursome for weeks but it'll have to wait. No matter, I want that young man to enjoy his first time with us just as much as we will. So for tonight, we'll be your entertainment."

"Treating me like a slab of meat hmm." Axel smiles. "That's fine with me, hope you like it raw."

I roll my eyes and giggle at his stupid corniness.

"Sounds like fun but... why a hospital? Seems like a bit of a depressing roleplay setting to me." I complain somewhat but it's mostly my exhausted muscles that are doing the talking.

"You're here to recover your energy." Sorcha smiles lustfully and struts towards me, still wearing that pretty necklace from before. "For tonight you are our patient and I am your nurse. Axel is our Cock Doctor."

I laugh again at the name. "We doing a Spiderman porno parody too? Cock Doc?"

Sorcha tilts her head in a slightly confused but aroused manner.

"No one but you understands that nerdy comic book shit, no offense V." Axel waves it off as he interjects. "I only know the name from that cheesy movie they made awhile ago and nothing else."

"Oh so that's what she was referencing? Got you... alright." Sorcha is on the same page, kind of.

She walks up to me and gropes my breasts through my tanktop and lacy red bra, I moan lightly with delight.

"Good." She coos lightly as she pulls my tank top off over my head and casts it away. "You are all sweaty from your workout... just how Mommy likes it."

Axel approaches me as well, only from the side.

"Your uhh, Cock Doc suggests dropping your pants so we can check if your... healthy." Axel says as he roughly rips off my yoga pants, literally. Welp... won't be wearing that pair anymore.

"You suck at this roleplay stuff." I tease him as my left hand touches his crotch area.

"Fuck you." He says rather gruffly but still in his own playful tone as he lifts me up. "This is a sexual emergency... we have to get you to room for tests to make sure you're... healthy."

All this corniness is making my head hurt. Regardless I am horny as fuck in anticipation of my first threesome ever so I can deal with it. That and the fact that my bladder is nearly full... is making me even more turned on. Axel walks down the hallway with me in his arms and a nude Sorcha at his side. Well she has a nurse hat on her head with a red cross embroidered on it so that's how you know she's a professional.

Axel lays me down on a soft yet basic hospital bed in a rather big room. Once he's sure I'm comfortable he restrains my arms with leather wrist straps that are chained to the bed. You know, the ones that you see in all those movies with crazy people in asylums? Yeah those. I wasn't aware that this was a mild BDSM session.

"Safe word is Lettuce." Axel says with a amused huff. "Although I doubt we'll need it."

Sorcha brings one of those mobile over the bed tables that you see in hospitals all the fucking time to the side of the bed. There's a bunch of shifty looking medical gear on it.

Oh shit.

"Nurse." Axel orders. "Check the patients temperature please, we need to know what we're dealing with here."

"Yes Dr. Cock." Sorcha says seriously.

Man they're taking this roleplay thing to the grave aren't they? Alright then, let's go. I'm way too tired and horny to complain. Sorcha takes a pair of latex gloves out of a box and puts them on with a seductive smile. I can practically see her bare yellow pussy dripping girlcum right now, she's really enjoying seeing me bound like this. She then grabs a thermometer, least I assume that's what it is and she dips one end of it in some kind of clear viscous liquid.

"Please hold still Ms. Steele." She says something so simple so sexually it's great.

Sorcha moves my panties to the side, exposing my black slit and dark asshole to the outside air. At this point I'm expecting a thermometer in my bum but instead... she spreads my pussy lips with her other hand. The colder latex gloves feel very strange against my exposed sex and I let out a deep breath as I try to relax my cunt. I don't know what she's doing but I like it.

I see Axel use a flashlight and shine it on my privates at a downward angle, so that Sorcha can see more clearly I guess. After a few seconds I get a nice surprise when she slowly and carefully sticks the thin end of the thermometer into my urethra. I squeal with delight at the shock but almost instantly it's accompanied by an arousing numbing feeling and my vagina instantly starts to leak more girlcum.

Oh god she put some kinda lewd lube on the thermometer didn't she? Of course she did. I've had some of that stuff in and around my anus before but as good as that felt, it was nothing like this. I feel like I could cum at anytime.

"Be sure not to pee hun." Sorcha coos almost breaking character. "If you do I'm afraid the doctor and I will have no choice but to... punish you."

Oh yeah... piss. In this position, with my back on the bed and my hands tied to it as well... my bottom half is completely exposed. Oh god it feels like I'm in heaven right now and we've barely started. I moan lightly and my legs quiver as I struggle to hold my bladder. After my strong desire to urinate is amplified for about a minute, she removes the thermometer and my pussy calms back down.

She puts my panties back in place as she stands back up, the sudden soft sensation nearly causes me to yelp.

"Ms. Steele's bladder temperature is much higher than normal Dr. Cock, it seems as though your instincts were correct." Sorcha places the sticky thermometer back on the table.

"Hmm..." Axel- I mean Dr. Cock strokes his chin. "I'll have to check her breathing then, make sure she's getting enough oxygen."

Axel walks up to my right side and pulls off my bra with ease, letting my tommy knockers loose. He tries to hold back a grin but fails. I can tell he has a half chub already from the tenting boxers below his superior buff abs. He puts his ears into the upper part of the stethoscope that was around his neck and kneels down beside me. He places the other end directly onto my right nipple and holds the cold metal there.

Once again the abrupt yet brief sensation causes my lower body to shake violently and I nearly piss again as I moan louder.

"Fuck... Dr. Cock... I really have to go..." I beg.

"Please hold it in Ms. Steele, it's for the good of your health that you do so." Axel speaks seriously but I know he's laughing on the inside.

What a jerk. Ahh... fuck fuck...

"Nurse, please be sure to check Ms. Steele's pulse." Axel commands as he puts the stethoscope on my left nipple instead.

"Yes Doctor Cock, right away." Sorcha obeys.

She pulls off my fancy red panties very sensually and slowly. Dammit if you do that too much I'll piss all over your face... ahh shit... it really hurts now. Axel puts the stethoscope in between my boobs like I'm giving it a titjob and a couple seconds later my undies are completely off.

Just when I'm questioning how much longer I can endure this, Sorcha sticks two fingers into my vaginal canal and I let out another howl. Fuck fuck I think I'm leaking a little! Some urine dribbles onto Sorcha's digits but I hold back the rest. She laughs with delight as she keeps her fingers there pressed against my inner wall, unfazed. She's not even moving but damn I'm so close to cumming it's not even funny anymore. She's checking my pulse... through my pussy? Makes perfect sense to me.

"Doctor I think we're losing her!" Sorcha gasps after about twenty seconds of silence. "We need to do the emergency enema right away!"

The emergency what now?

"Understood, let us hurry." Axel rushes to her side.

He pulls out a very large pre-prepped syringe, it's full of water or saline I think and it's tip is made of plastic. It's huge like bigger than Axel's dick huge... fucker has to be almost two feet in length. Oh god the horror of the situation has finally dawned on me. Axel presses the tip of the syringe against my budding anus and it slips right inside. after a couple seconds I start to feel liquid enter my empty bowels and fill me up rather quickly... oh oh god!

"Doctor! Ahhhhh!" I scream loudly. "It hurts! Hurts so much!"

I swear my lower abdomen bulges slightly as it takes in all the water in the container.

"There's no more room!" I complain and bitch but good god it actually is very painfully arousing and I feel my orgasm approaching fast.

The pressure that my filled bowels are putting on my bladder is too much and I cry out in agony as my piss is forcefully released onto the world. At the same time the syringe squirts out of me and my anus blasts out loads of water and I cum harder than I ever have in my life as I feel the rush of two pressurized liquids leave my body at once.

I'm pissing and shooting water out all over Axel's boxer's but he doesn't care. I think our doctor/nurse/patient roleplay session is over now.

"Nice thing about not having to shit anymore is that your butt can now do this without it being... unsanitary." Axel grins.

I laugh as I continue to ride my orgasm and enjoy my intense pissing fest. Sorcha climbs ontop of me and presses her pussy into mine and moans lightly.

"Good lord Vaine you're so fucking hot. Please excuse my language." Sorcha laughs through another blissful sigh.

She rarely says fuck unless she's cumming so she must be so god damn horny right now as my golden fountain splashes around her most special body parts and coats both of us in thick streams of urine and sweat. Axel is still wearing his labcoat but he's otherwise naked now, enjoying the water that's gushing out of my butthole onto his cock as it grows to its full size.

"God you're right, the salty liquid coming out of her ass right now is so damn warm." Axel groans with approval.

Sorcha begins to hump my cunt like I'm some teenage girl's body pillow and I moan uncontrollably with delight as my pissing pussy continues it's thorough lubrication efforts. My entire soul is on fire and all my attempts at communicating only come out as loud lewd yells.

"Ahhh! AHHHH!!!" I try to say something but I think I just cum again instead.

Meanwhile the warm water coming out of my rectum slows down in intensity but the hot coffee coming out of my honeypot does not. I can feel Sorcha's humping get more and more intense as she's also losing herself in the moment.

"Excuse me ladies..." Axel's deep voice is so sexy. "Allow me to... squeeze in."

Axel sandwiches his massive bear cock in between our grinding pussies and the effect is immediate.

"Ahh fuck Axel fuck I'm cumming!" Sorcha screams out with her heavenly voice as her cunt sprays girlcum all over the top half of Axel's dick, although it's probably hard to notice with all my piss splaying about every which way.

His warm cock feels great by the way, I want it inside me but I also don't wanna be greedy. I'm glad Sorcha and I are enjoying it like this, it is so damn hot I've completely lost all my willpower. Not that I had any tonight to begin with but you know. Axel thrusts his dick back and forth, almost as if he's fucking a large ass that's not there. Meanwhile once Sorcha regains her senses she leans in towards me and begins making out with me profusely.

My bound hands somehow came loose earlier I don't know how, but regardless I wrap my arms around her back and dig into her lips with my own. Our furiously sloppy kisses are completely silent against the other two overpowering sounds in the room, my pissing and Axel's gyrating. After enjoying this for about thirty or forty seconds or so, I'm close to cumming again for the third time when Axel says something again.

"Time for the next stage..." Axel grunts heavily through his teeth as his cock slips out from between our vaginal lips.

'Heave ho." Axel laughs lightly as he jams his massive penis into Sorcha's asshole and she screams in ecstasy.

She presses her cunt even harder into mine, forcing the piss to come out of my bladder at an even stronger rate than before. My anus starts to leak some water that's still in there from the pressure Sorcha is applying to it and we both cry out in blissful glee as another orgasm spreads through our bodies.

"I need it..." I moan out between kisses. "Need more."

"Alright hun... ahh." Sorcha responds while still being relentlessly buttfucked and doused in my piss. "I'm gonna ahh move back abit Axel do you have room for me to put my legs down?"

"F-fffuck yes of course." Axel grunts, clearly close to shooting out his first long awaited load.

Sorcha gets up off of my peeing cunt and puts both of her feet back onto the floor, causing my urine stream to flow in a singular path once again. It rains down on her tits but she doesn't seem to mind. With a giggle she bends over and presses her face against my sopping wet butthole, which still gives Axel access to her backdoor. Now my piss is spraying in an arch and landing somewhere between Sorcha's ass crack and Axel's johnson.

She then begins to lick my anus with vigor, not caring about it tasting like pee I guess. I moan loudly at the sensation of her tongue playing with my butt while my pissing pussy continues to convulse.

"FUCK... ...Hrng... That's hot." Axel gives Sorcha a semen enema that's so loud I can even hear the sexy sloshing sounds of her bowels filling up from here.

Hell he ain't wrong, Sorcha is the sexiest person I know. Her skills are far superior to mine, in fact everything I've learned about how to pleasure women I learned from her so of course they are. As I'm enjoying getting anal rimmed I lose control of myself again and cum hard as Sorcha enjoys pushing out the jizz from her rectum.

Regardless, we continue to have vigorous sex for the next few minutes until I finally stop peeing. By that time I'm panting heavily on the bed, my breasts rise and fall rather quickly and I'm downright bathed in my own urine. We only fucked for maybe seven minutes but it felt like hours, well the fucking only started once I was naked but still. Sorcha and Axel look tired as well but they're still standing.

"We have one last thing we can give you... don't we Dr. Cock?" Sorcha's lustful eyes are so adorable I can't help but smile.

"Ahh, yes. That." Axel seems happy at the suggestion as well.

Sorcha climbs ontop of my belly, stopping just short of my breasts as she rests her perfect sweaty butt on my lower chest. Axel places his shaft against my honeypot, causing me to quiver once again. It's the same position it was in when he made the cock sandwich earlier.

"Well then, I hope you enjoy your... gift." Sorcha teases as she rubs her pussy briefly.

Within seconds, she begins to pee all over my torso and it feels amazing. A second or two later I hear Axel grunt as the exterior of his manhood gets instantly warmer and I hear and smell his strong piss instantly as he begins to use Sorcha's lower back, tail and ass as a urinal. Axel's pulsing dick on the outskirts of my cunt feels so good and the scent of both Sorcha and Axel at the same time is overpowering and amazing. Sorcha plays with my breasts softly while she pees which I welcome. I just lay there and enjoy being used as an anthro toilet.

About four minutes pass and Sorcha stops urinating. Axel's stream ends about a minute after that. We finish Axel off with a two lady blowjob/handjob thingy after I stand up and kneel before him. As I do so the last of my anal water leaks out of me and I accidently let out a cute little fart. Axel's releases his final load of sperm after Sorcha and I tease the outside of his cock for like five minutes straight. His sticky sperm comes out in globby chunks and it gets all over our faces and tits and probably elsewhere as well.

By this time we're all fucking exhausted... and we don't wanna bathe the rancid sexual scents off of us so we head to a hotel, probably the same one Paisou and I first boned in. Anyway Sorcha and I lay down on the bed and stain it fairly quickly with our satisfied stickiness as the room starts to smell as filthy as we are. Axel has a shower in the bathroom and bids us good night before he heads to his personal quarters.

All in all though... that was a great day. I'm looking forward to November and the future that's in store for me and my girlfriend. I ask a Theta Sentinel to take an oldschool polaroid photo of us and it obliges. Sorcha and I each take a copy of it and I'm sure we'll treasure this memory for a long time.

*051*2023-06-04 16:58

Heya all, hope you've been doing well. I took a small break from writing but I'm back to it, I was stuck on this chapter for a bit but yeah I like how it turned out.

Whereas most if not all of my chapters are not focused on omorashi but rather simply feature it as the story builds around Vaine and not the kink... this chapter was the opposite lol. Yeah this chapter focuses on piss, hope you enjoyed Vaine angrily urinating on Eris like I did. Anyway, I know what I wanna write for chapter 12 so it shouldn't take nearly as long to come out.

Lastly, lets talk about the final picture of the chapter. NovelAI recently released a new tool called "Inprinting" which basically lets you edit parts of an image to re-generate just those areas. This is an amazing tool that will allow for far more customization and character creation than before... but it's in beta right now. For those of you who've worked with AI Art, you know how difficult it is to get two or more characters into a single shot and make them different from each other. This new tool allows one to do that.

The only downside is, at least for now, with each edit the image loses quality slightly. Hence the grainy older photographic look. Nevertheless though I'm glad that this tool exists, I love the picture of Vaine and Sorcha even if the quality is abit lacking. This technology can only improve in the future so I'm looking forward to it.

But yeah as I said I hope you enjoy this chapter where not much happens besides lots of peeing.

~Much Love, Vaine Steele


