Vaine, Goddess of Death, Sexual/Peeing Adventures Throughout the Multiverse (Insanely Long Story) - Page 2

Author: Vaine Steele

*045*2023-03-30 04:44

Warning! This chapter has a disturbing scene. Reader discretion is advised.

Chapter 10: Misery Loves Company

- Sunday, August 31st, 2008 -

Life fucking sucks. It always has. But now it feels like I've reached just a whole other level of shit tier. Kids and ass-faced teenagers bullying me in school was annoying. Being sick, cold, lost and bottomless in the ruins of Dallas sucked. Having Jason belittle me when we first met was infuriating. My parents... saying that dumbass stuff to me before I killed them was depressing.

But this? What I'm feeling now doesn't even seem to compare.

I feel... lost... vulnerable. It's... awful and it's making me miserable. I can't even enjoy the rest of this day off after the first competition because I'm just too focused on what's inside my head. I'm sure the meal that Father has prepared for us on this day tastes good but I barely derive any pleasure from it.

After I eat, both Sorcha and Axel ask me if I want to "hang out" or whatever. Pretty sure they just wanna fuck, which I'd be fine with normally but I decline. Paisou tries to speak to me as I walk out of the dining hall but I don't give him the chance to say anything. Jason ignores me, I don't even think he looks at me. Maybe he does I just... don't really glance in his direction either.

I'm feeling... really... fucking bitter right now. Is that the right word? Self loathing combined with disappointment and a hint of jealousy? Yeah lets go with that.

I'm a bitter bitch.

Why couldn't I have at least been able to compete properly in the first physical exam instead of coming dead last? Why can't I just win a single thing in my life? I can't even take one fucking step forward without feeling like shit. I'm... not really sure what I can do to improve. I feel like I'm pushing myself as hard as I possible and I'm just slamming into a metaphorical brick wall over and over again. God I'm so pissed off right now.

I think the worst thing though… is how fucking helpless I am. No matter what I try to do, nothing seems to change at all. I feel like a dark cloud is closing in on me and there's no escape from the upcoming shit storm. It’s like there is nowhere for me to go and nowhere I can reach. I'm stuck. And worse than that - I don't even know why. What have I been doing wrong? Why has this been so fucking difficult?

Shit.

This is the kind of stuff that usually would drive me crazy if it was happening to someone else and they were bitching to me out of some misplaced sense of “emotional security.” I hate anthros who complain about everything.

But right now it's me. I’m the one fucking bitching. We’re circle jerking our metaphorical dicks back to self-loathing again. Yay. Why do I even bother? I've already been trying so hard and I haven't really gotten anywhere. So much effort… and for what? Nothing! My problems are just getting worse… at least it feels like they are.

It really fucking sucks that I have no one to talk to about all of this. All I can do is bury all this shit inside of me and do my best to ignore it all. But that’s probably not possible. I hate this.

But I just have to man up or… woman up I guess and focus on the future. Father already informed us that September’s competition is the Test of Dexterity or whatever so I should be better at that.

Right?

- Thursday September 4th, 2008 -

Dare I say that today is… a good day? Nah I wouldn’t. Today is just as sexually bland as a jewish wedding. Too mean? Ahh, whatever… you know what I mean.

Anyway, nothing much happened today... other than the fact that I can finally use alchemy to make water. Took me long enough I guess, just over a month. Meanwhile Jason here has been able to make cooked food... cooked fucking food... with alchemy. I don't know about the progress of others, I think I saw Paisou and Axel creating bare-bones weapons awhile back but damn. Yeah sure it's only basic food like I dunno, fish and chips or bacon and eggs but still.

Cooked fucking food. Unreal.

I'm so far behind... but... I gotta keep moving forward. It's all I can do at this point really. I got to stop wallowing in the shitty dirt and just do what I can. If I focus on others too much I'll just end up going fucking mental. More mental than usual I mean. And then where will I be? Right back at square one again.

And I know I shouldn't worry about it but yeah my thoughts are still a swirling mess right now. I can't get a proper grip on them to even try and figure out what’s happening inside my psyche. But hey, it's not like I've ever had any control over how I felt before.

I've been trying to be more honest with myself. At first that made it easier to deal with my emotions it just didn't last very long, the feeling of positivity that slipped away from me I mean. My alchemy training is still as mind numbingly difficult as ever... and I still feel miserable. But I have a goal at least so that's something good right?

... If that is indeed a favorable sign I cannot see it right now.

- Saturday September 13th, 2008 -

Ok today has started off kind of wild. I don't even know how to begin to be honest with you. It's uhh... soon to be the restart of my hand-to-hand combat training with Sorcha, that time of the month again, hearty harr.

Ahem. Anyway, she comes into the training room today... in front of everyone... wearing... uhh... nothing.

I'm stunned, as is everyone else. Except for Father though he seems be as indifferent to our fashion sense as he always is. Sorcha explains to us that she wishes to be her true self now and thus she would be a naturalist from now on. A nudist. A public exhibitionist. A naked hotty milf. Although she's barely a milf anymore she looks to be in her mid 20's now but still... damn. And she's still as gorgeous as ever!

Needless to say, my cold dark pussy melts when I see her. It is legit the first time I've been aroused in weeks... and it's in a "public" setting. How the hell am I supposed to concentrate on my combat training now?! I have no idea to be honest. She's bold, I'll give her that. I'll never be brave enough to prounce around naked like that. Granted we're a small group of elite soldiers training to be literal gods right now and from what I know Sorcha is friendly with almost everyone but still. Yeah I went around half naked in the ruins Dallas a few times but that was different... I was alone and I knew anyone I came across would be dead soon so... if they saw my naughty bits I wouldn't have cared as much. Also being nude around Jason was fine as well because well we were dating... sort of.

Anyway as I said, Sorcha's bravery and body confidence is just unreal like god damn.

This is like some porno fantasy in real life. Although I'm sure if I asked she'd insist that there is nothing sexual about it. Sure girl, sure there isn't. But it's all a bit too much for me to take at this point in time I guess. My cunt is tingling... I can feel my panties getting soaking wet from all of this! And all we're doing is talking. By we I mean she's conversing with other Reapers, I'm mostly just staying silent and horny. Seriously if one could see my undies right now they would think I'd pissed myself. I haven't but you know, just saying. Where was I? Oh yes... nudity.

Ahem... moving on... I got my Super Shock Resistance to level 5 today. Couple more weeks and I should have Shock Immunity and I can finally obtain and start to level up my first major offensive superpower. Turns out I may have made a mistake last month and gotten the wrong resistance, Fire instead of Shock... but you know, oops. Who knows maybe I'll need both since lightning shooting from my fucking fingers will be very hot and very... shocky?

Oh piss off. Ahh fuck. I'm gonna masturbate hard tonight.

Anyway... after a meal and a nice urination where I was extremely tempted to rub one out, Sorcha and I begin our hand to hand combat training again in our dojo-thingy. You know what I said earlier... that her boobs and bare ass would be super distracting as we sparred? Uhh yeah they are. I can't get sex out of my head. After about only a half hour of me getting pinned down like twenty times in a row, Sorcha looks at me devilishly as her anus and pussy are dangerously close to my face.

"Like what you see hon?" She teases.

"Of course I do..." I manage to moan out while still positioned awkwardly on my back.

"Shall we... get to it then?" She licks her lips lustfully, still ontop of me in a highly suggestive manner.

"I'd love to..." I begin. "... But I'm sorry I can't... I- I have to go. I need to train combat as much as possible... I- I don't have the time... for... fun."

I force myself up awkwardly and nearly push Sorcha off of me. I see the look of disappointment in her eyes as I leave the room, my slit burning with desire while I do so.

Fuck fuck fuck! I fucking hate this! I want to have sex, I do... but dammit I just can't! I need to focus on my training... on improving my body and mind. I cannot be distracted. This sucks... so fucking much. I despise this feeling and I don't even know what it is. Frustration? I'm not sure. It's a weird kind of mixed feeling... and it makes me feel sick. I cannot be weak... I must get stronger. Even if that means forcing my sexual desires deeper and deeper down.

Power...

Dominate...

Control...

I'm getting a fucking nasty ass headache too, great. Perfect. Did I mention life sucks yet? Yes? Well it does, doesn't it? And now it just got even more miserable. I take a few deep breaths... to try and calm myself down. It doesn't work to well but at least I tried.

Nah fuck trying.

After a few minutes of just sitting on the floor, I summon a Theta Sentinel and inform it that I wanna learn how to use a weapon. It asks me what I want to use and I just randomly blurt out the word sword without even really thinking about it. All that's going through my mind right now is just getting Sorcha's beautiful body out of my head, along with my lust for her.

Within the next minute, I'm led to another part of the training zone. I enter my new dojo, well new to me and I see someone inside... an anthro who I've not spoken to in nearly a month.

It's Jason.

The green hair on his head is more grown out and still as rugged as ever. Besides that he looks pretty much the same as he did when we were dating. The Sentinel leaves and the door whooshes shut behind me.

"Did you need something Vaine?" Jason is quick and to the point as always.

"I've uhh, decided that I want to get in some... sword training." I speak while holding a hand to my head to try and get rid of my headache.

Jason just stares at me for a few seconds, like he's surprised. I haven't seen him look like that for a long while.

"Not to state the obvious but I've had a few weeks of training more than you... you sure you're up for this?" He says plainly.

"Yeah..." I reply in as neutral a tone as I could muster.

I could be finger fucking Sorcha's ass right now but instead I forced myself to come here. Although I didn't know Jason would be here, gah. I Ran out of one place with unresolved sexual feelings and hopped into another one... yay. I hate my life... seriously. What am I even doing anymore?

He sighs heavily before he speaks again. "Alright Vaine... but if you can't take it I'd suggest we train on our own for a bit."

The bitterness rises within me. "Let's just practice. I didn't come here for advice."

Jason nods and gestures for me to take a stance.

"Okay Vaine... first let me see your form." He begins and starts off by pointing out every single thing I do wrong. I know he's probably just trying to help but shit man try to read the room. What the fuck did I just say about not wanting to be lectured?!

I yell as I charge at him and he blocks it effortlessly. We spar for about fifteen minutes. He gets several deep hits on me and my tanktop and yoga pants get cut and stained with blood as my wounds continue to regenerate slowly. Eventually Jason gets a critical hit in and I'm forced to get down onto one knee as a huge gash on my leg slowly starts to patch itself up.

"You'll never get an attack in like that." Jason seems to be taunting me now. His presence has shifted... it seems to be... more distant? Apathetic? "You're making too many unnecessary movements. Tighten up your damn offensive strikes."

Now I'm just more pissed off and breathing heavily.

"How the hell are you gonna be able to beat anyone with such sloppy form?" He laughs, his arms wide as he stands in the air.

My thoughts suddenly stop dead in their tracks.

"... What was that?!" I snap. "Fuck you and your fucking high horse."

"I see you haven't changed a bit... while I've only gotten stronger." Jason continues to praise himself. "You're so weak it's pathetic... I'd pity you if I didn't personally know how much of a waste of flesh you truly are." He walks slowly over towards me, looking down with contempt on me as I involuntarily kneel before him.

"It truly saddens me that I just can't put you out of your misery myself. But I understand Father's compassion for us, even if you don't deserve it. Maybe he just likes your filthy butthole as much as I do."

Jason's entire persona is different from when I knew him before. The soft and rude boy I met in the wastelands was gone... or maybe he never existed in the first place. He just looks like a generic asshole who enjoys being cruel now. This is probably who he always was and I just didn't see it. Granted I'm a bitch ass cunt too but not all of the time.

"So I was nothing more than a fuck toy to you?" I ponder aloud. "Makes sense I guess."

"Oh my god you're so fucking dumb." Jason laughs harder than before. "I admit, seeing you piss in that shitty toilet we made was hot as hell... and I'm glad I stole your virginity away. But you have nothing else to offer to this world or any other one. You will always be below me and a waste of my fucking time. If you're lucky you'll serve as my sex slave when I reign as an eternal emperor in the galaxy centuries from now but somehow I think you'd even screw that up. There's gonna be billions upon billions of women who will gladly fill that role much better than you ever could."

I don't even know what to say. I'm just listening to Jason's absurd rant and taking it all in, frozen all the while. Funny. I legit thought I had some happy memories with Jason, like we understood each other and all the shit we went through as kids. But I was clearly wrong.

I stand up, a little unsteadily. My leg feels numb from the bloodloss but she should fully recover soon. My exhaustion however, doesn't go away. My head is full of wrathful thoughts... I feel like I'm about to burst into flames.

"From the moment we met... I knew something was deeply wrong with you. Your entire presence was just... off putting..." I say bitterly as I raise my sword. "And now... here it is. The truth. The real you. It's just pathetic. I can't believe I thought you were worth something to me."

The rage within me is so strong now that I can actually focus. It consumes me completely and my muscles all begin to act as one, like a machine. All the energy that I've been storing up... all that hate, fear and anger I kept inside for these past few months... all of it just pours into every single crevice of my body.

"Your words mean nothing. I will make sure of that." I seethe, barely containing the embers within me. "I'm sick of your shit and I hate the fact that you've had this much of an influence on me. However, that ends now. We're done."

I hit a surprised Jason with a horizontal slash straight across his torso, cutting through his skin and muscle in a single motion. Blood gushes out from the wound as the pained expression on his bitch ass face says "What?! But I blocked that!". Yes... yes you did. It was only then that he notices his dull training sword is shattered, due to the precise and rather unconventional angle I swung at him with. He barely has any time to heal as I slam into him and knock him on the ground. He tries to grab me but I slice the fingers off his one hand and his arm from the elbow down on his other side.

Even with his quick healing he should be incapacitated for a few seconds. I stand up and kneel beside him, covered in his blood and constant screams of profanities and agony. I don't really care anymore.

My final words are "Fuck you." as I jab my sword into the base of his ballsack and sever his dick easily. I lodge the sword in vertically and deeply into his hips so he doesn't regen right away and he cannot curse at me anymore. He can only yell in misery and pain right now.

I then get up and try to walk out of the room but Father is there, blocking my path as I try to exit. He has about five or six Sentinels surrounding him.

Oh shit.

"Only took six weeks for a rule to be broken." Father looks at me sternly, if he's angry or disappointed I can't tell, his facial expression is impossible to read.

A slight nod of the head is all it takes for Father to order a couple of Sentinels to tend to Jason. The screaming finally stops... I guess they put him to sleep with something.

"He- He'll live." I manage to say meekly.

"Yes he will." Father replies, still seeming to stare deep into my soul with his blue eyes. "The question is... will you? Do you want to be here?"

I simply nod my head in response.

"Follow me then."

We walk for about five minutes in silence. At the end of our road, so to speak, is a simple door, a sign that simply says "Basic Showers" hangs above it.

"Get yourself cleaned up. I'll have a Theta bring by a fresh set of clothes." Father says in a warmer voice.

I simply head inside and begin to strip. It's only then when I notice a couple of monitors on the wall. One where I am in a sort of makeshift changing area and the second directly underneath the shower head. Their screens are black right now. They flicker to life as I stand there in my plain underwear. I reflexively cover up my chest and crotch area. Father just stares at me like he normally does, his facial expression hasn't changed.

"I thought we could talk while you got cleaned up. But if you're somehow uncomfortable with this we can speak afterwards." His voice is as neutral as ever.

I mean I've made jokes about Father being a pervert before but now I'm so confused. Could I actually have been right or is that just my own preconceptions? I guess it doesn't matter really. He is our literal god after all... he sees and hears everything we do doesn't he? I can't believe I didn't realize this until now. Every time I've pissed, farted, fucked, ate or slept inside this megastructure... my current home... it was likely recorded anyway.

All of these reflections and ideas run through me in less than a second so I shake my head.

"I'm not uncomfortable just... caught me off guard." I manage to say with some dignity.

I take off my white bra and panties and step into the shower as it turns on automatically. The warmth is perfect and relaxes my skin and aching muscles almost instantly. I grab some soap and scrub myself all over as I try my best to get the clumps of dried blood out of my fur.

"What you did to Jason must not happen again. Do you understand what you've done?" Father speaks clearly and concisely, like a parent scolding their child who broke curfew or some shit.

"Yeah... I attacked... and hurt... a Reaper. One of us. Family." I reply as I scrub my butt with bubbles. "It won't happen again I'll stay away from him. I've said what I needed to say."

"That was going to happen anyway. For your remaining time in the training facility you'll both be protected by two Gamma Sentinels. These are the rarest types of Sentinels I've made but they're designed to eliminate Reapers as quickly as possible. If either of you get close enough to each other with malicious intent, these Sentinels won't hesitate to kill the attacker. I really hope that doesn't happen but it is a last resort. Are we clear?" Father says so much scary shit without changing his stern tone like geez louise.

"I understand." I respond as I rinse the last of the soap from my fur.

"Lastly..." I hear Father sigh for the first time ever. "I hate to do this but as the offender this time you will have to be punished. You will have no more days off until November begins. On the remaining Friday this month and next you will train directly under me. Yeah this will benefit you of course but it'll also take a physical and mental toll on you. All I can do is tell you to prepare yourself."

Shit. That sounds... really bad.

"Please do your best to behave." Father concludes. "You are all my children. It pains me to see you and Jason like this. We will talk later I must speak to him about this as well. Get back to the training rooms as soon as possible. I recommend training with a weapon no one else is learning right now. Less... distractions that way."

I begin to dry myself off with a towel as a Theta Sentinel comes into the room and lays my clothes down on a bench next to the entrance. Almost as soon as it leaves I see two small robots float into the room with me still in the nude... my would be assassins if I decided to do something fatally stupid again. They're pretty fucking cute too.

I admit, I'd want them as a pet. But damn I dodged a bullet today. Father could have easily had me killed for what I did... this must be his compassion that Jason spoke about earlier. God he's going to be furious. Wouldn't that be hilarious if he actually came after me himself and died for good? Yeah that'd be awesome. But he's not that stupid. He's the biggest shit face loser I've ever met but he's not an idiot. He knows better than that.

Anyway... when I try to put on my fresh pair of panties I let out a loud almost involuntary moan as my pussy quivers in delight as it makes contact with the fabric. Damn I'm still very horny... I only noticed just now again because my body has finally come down from it's wrath-filled adrenaline rush. Once again I resist masturbating... I've barely trained today after all. I finish getting dressed despite my sexual frustrations and head to a brand new training room.

I've decided to learn using a staff. Kind of lame I know but hear me out. I think it'd be very cool to learn how to use a big ass scythe, despite how impractical that sounds. I figured I'd learn how to use a basic staff first, one with a significantly heavier end, before I move onto the real deal. Baby steps you know. But yeah I spend the rest of the training day just getting a feel for the weapon, what kind of wood or metal I'd prefer working with, the length, among other mundane details. It's only at the end of the workout day when I realize something.

'Shit... I need to apologize to Sorcha... I just left her there by herself this afternoon without an explanation.'

I have a quick meal and then ask a Theta Sentinel to take me to her. The pod we get in leads to a beautiful circular garden... like something out of a Hollywood movie.

Needless to say I'm quite stunned and it almost brings tears to my eyes to see something so natural and wonderful again, I'd nearly forgotten what spring smells like but this was basically it. I notice Sorcha is squatting in a corner, with her cute butt hanging out clear as day. She's tending to the flowers... I don't know what they're called... but yeah. She told me last month that she loves to garden and yet I've uhh never been here until now.

She notices me and stands up. "Vaine? Uh hi. I didn't expect to see you again today."

It kind of takes all of my willpower to not just cry right there.

"I... wanted... needed to apologize... for earlier." I struggle to find the right words as she walks closer, her bare breasts as enticing as ever. "I was in a dark place and... I didn't- didn't know how to get out of it until today."

"You don't need be sorry hun. In fact I need to apologize to you. I know training is important to you and I kind of ruined that today by being... distracting." Sorcha speaks to me so plainly and so genuinely that I just lose it.

I begin to cry right there and bawl my eyes out. I swore I'd never let anyone see me like this. I don't want to be perceived as vulnerable and yet today was just too much for me to handle. I'm broken.

I half expected Sorcha to laugh at how pathetic and worthless I am but instead she just hugs me tightly as my tears continue to flow. I'm crying like a baby and yet I feel so happy... so glad to be free of Jason's influence. I didn't know the darkness that he brought into my life... didn't even see it until he revealed it. But it was there. His negativity spread to me and just made me feel so much worse. I'm not saying I'm the most positive anthro in the world but I was... strangely happy when I became a Reaper... until the day I met Jason. He was abusive to me emotionally and I didn't even notice it, I was too hung up on the only boy in town and the perceived good sex that I wasn't even paying attention to how dismissive and cold he was to me the rest of the time.

After I bawl for about another two minutes I calm down and tell Sorcha everything I've felt since we met and before. About Jason... about myself... Axel... Paisou and her. She listened to it all as we sat down on a nearby bench. It was surprisingly comfortable despite how hard it is.

Insert dick joke here.

Anyway after I'm done talking she finally speaks. "Well that's a lot for a young woman like you to deal with. That explains the cute little robots floating around you now... just think of them as protection for you hun. I'm sorry that you had to deal with someone as nasty as Jason."

"Don't be," I retort. "It's my own fault for getting involved with him."

"Well now you know what to look for in a man that you don't want anything to do with." Sorcha explains. "So at the very least it was a good learning experience for you."

"Yeah it was." I say, smiling through my tears. "Thanks for listening. And... being so understanding."

"Whenever you need to vent sweetpea... I'm here." She replies as she moves closer to me. Her body is so warm and she smells... amazing.

I lean close to her face as I begin to kiss her lips gently. Her tongue slides between my teeth and it's just wonderful. I moan loudly as our tongues duel it out... and then her lips are pressed against mine. She kisses me with such intensity I can feel it in my chest. Our tongues intertwine with each other and our arousal radiates off of us. It tastes like heaven. We break apart only to lick our lips together, then go back at it again. She bites my bottom lip gently and I softly nibble on hers in return. I look at her face, her beautiful scarlet eyes are so enticing. I'm so horny I feel like I could cum at any moment and we're only just making out. God damn this feels too good.

"You want me?" She asks softly while our tongues still meet between kisses.

I can't even respond for a moment... but when I do speak it comes out as a whisper.

"We-we're outside in a public space-" I blurt out.

"Your only the second anthro besides me to be in my garden Vaine." Sorcha explains. "And you could be a nudist with me after training everyday if you wanted to. You don't need to be ashamed of your nudity around me or anybody else. I don't care what that jerk Jason says."

Oh yeah... this feels like outside, looks like outside... but at the end of the day it's just another massively large room inside this amazing Reaper megastructure. Durr. Plus I fucked Axel last month in a "public alleyway" so what the hell am I so worried about now?

I apologize again as I laugh and explain to her that I forgot we weren't actually outside. She simply chuckles at that response but not in a demeaning way. God I... really like that about her. Sorcha's voice is so cute. It has just enough volume to sound sexy without being overpowering.

She kisses me again with a lot more passion than before. Her breasts are pressing up against my chest and they feel so wonderful. Her hard nipples poking against my thin tanktop are sending pleasant sensations through my entire body.

It's at this moment when a worrying feeling comes to me...

She takes off my tanktop, exposing my white bra to the open air but afterwards I say those three little words.

"I havta pee..." I mumble softly.

"Oh?" Sorcha teases herself quickly by rubbing her own cunt swiftly. "Is your pee fetish coming out to play?"

Right. I forgot I mentioned that when I told her how I lost my virginity. Also probably said something about it when talking about Axel pissing all over me too. Dammit... I've never told anyone so much in my entire life.

"I shouldn't have told you that..." I shyly look away. "Sorry."

"Hmm?" She coos. "Why not? We all have our kinks hun, and that doesn't make you any less of a anthro for having them. It makes you unique."

"I thought you'd be grossed out or something." I speak honestly about a genuine fear.

"Not really. It's just water coming out of your body... that you shouldn't drink of course but still." Sorcha explains.

I feel a deep arousing pain in my bladder and I stifle back a cry. Oh man I really have to go. I've had three men watch me piss already... but Sorcha... would be the first girl to watch. Wouldn't that be weird maybe? I dunno... but fuck I need to go bad. I tell her as she looks down at my crotch.

"Gotta say I'm very curious..." She gazes at me lustfully. "I've not had this fetish before but maybe you'll be the special anthro to change my mind. As old as I am, even I haven't experienced everything."

Her words are so erotic that they start to make my pussy ache in pleasure.

"Ok... I'll take off my pants now." I state as if I'm being interrogated.

Sexual questioning commence!

Sorcha puts her hands on mine though before I can pull my pants and panties down. She looks at me with a dirty grin as she touches herself with her free hand and moans.

"Sweetpea... you're not getting out of this." She smiles as she roleplays. "Mommy wants to see her girl pee her pants because she held for too long."

My entire vagina quivers at her suggestion. It was true, I'd never pissed my pants intentionally before, ever, despite the amount of piss play I've done. Yeah I peed my pants during my first intense pissfest but that was completely against my will... I assume that it would feel... different if I did it intentionally. When Sorcha is sure that I won't pull my pants down she lets go of my wrists.

"Good girl." She purrs. "Hold it until Daddy comes home alright?"

"But but mom-" I try to roleplay with her despite the pain I feel right now. "It's gonna come out-"

"Shhh." She silences me with another kiss, her tongue pushing against my lips.

She takes off my bra with her free hand and begins to grope my left black nipple. I'd moan straight into her mouth but her tongue is too deep inside for me to make much more than muffled noises. My legs are shaking now I can barely hold onto my pee. This feels so... intense. So fucking sexy and we're not even touching each other down south right now. Oh god I really need to go now... and the pressure is building.

My entire body is struggling to stay sane.

The warmth spreading throughout my panties geological zone threatens to tear me in two. These are heights of pleasure that I've rarely reached, probably because I've been edging myself for most of the day and I've been sexually frustrated. So for me to finally have relief... both of the bladder and sexual variety... it just feels out of this world. What's the difference you may ask?

Good... ahh... fucking question.

"I'm- I'm going to pee." I stammer out and the moment those words come from my lips my bladder lets loose and my body reacts like I just ran through a field of fire.

The clothing around my crotch absorbs what urine it can but it's not enough and it quickly seeps through the fabric while gravity does the rest. Oh god it's so warm and pleasant I'm gonna go crazy. Within seconds a thick patch of pee is clearly visible around my privates and butt as several thinner streams branch out towards the ground. Sorcha's eyes go wide as she enjoys the show.

"Oh my... you awful spoiled girl..." She belittles me in a sexy way and giggles. "Daddy will get mad at you when he gets home and sees what you've done to your panties."

I can't stop laughing in between deep moans. This is hilarious... but also so very arousing. The sounds and feelings of the piss being entrapped by my clothes and the way it's forced out at unnatural angles as it splatters to the floor isn't helping either. I try to stop pissing and control my bladder... and fail miserably as the stream continues. I'm so naughty and my pants feel so clingy against my furred skin. My god I'm so close to cumming from urinating but I'm not quite there yet.

"Fuck..." I moan loudly as my legs buckle from the pleasure.

"Mommy is gonna take care of that for you now." She coos as she starts teasing my peeing pussy through my wet pants.

The feeling of her probing fingers making small circular motions around my impassioned cunt is mind numbing. Nothing seems to exist anymore besides my pleasure, piss and Sorcha's tiny invaders. Like a literal kung fu master she knows all of my weaknesses and is exploiting them to their fullest.

Her delicate yet precise digits send me over the edge and I cum with a howling cry as my first orgasm in weeks rips through my body. My thighs clench together as I feel the waves of pleasure wash over me again and again. My last spurts of piss are so numbing but they come out of my urethra willingly. I just sit there on the bench and try to catch my breath.

Sorcha kisses me softly, then whispers to me.

"That's the first time I've ever seen someone piss themselves just for the pure pleasure of it. You really are something special hun." She purrs before giving me another passionate lip tease.

"Glad you liked it." I reply with a goofy grin.

I finally manage to calm myself down after about five minutes and take off my pants and panties, letting them fall onto the ground. A Theta Sentinel comes by mere seconds later and takes them away. Leaving Sorcha and I stranded on our naked island of sorts. She orders me to lay down on the bench on my back, so I do what I'm told. She then puts her snatch directly above my nose and I take in the sweet scent of her sex. I seem to recall doing a similar thing to Paisou awhile ago.

"Now mommy wants you to eat her pussy." Sorcha tells me in a commanding tone. "I won't let you cum again hun, unless you lick it all up..."

I begin to kiss her thighs, then work my way to her wet yellow slit. My tongue slips inside sensually and she smells so good. The sweet slick juices coating her insides makes her taste so pleasant. Did she rub flowers all over her vagina or something? Ahh whatever, can't get distracted, must eat. I lap at her pussy with such eagerness that she laughs in delight. Her arousal is making her scent even more captivating. She begins to moan as my tongue forces its way inside her and it feels so amazing... I don't think I'll ever get tired of this.

My tongue indulges itself on her privates rapidly, slurping up her sweet nectar, but also teasing her clit as well. Sorcha's breathing has become much deeper and ragged and I've only been at it for about a minute in a half. She pushes her vaginal lips into my face and I suck on her clitoris enthusiastically. The vibrations it sends through my tongue are downright electrifying as she moans without restraint.

"Ahh fuck.... fuck! Yes yes right there hun mmm..." Sorcha barely strings a coherent sentence together as I continue my southern assault.

Her inner thighs tremble under my ministrations, forcing me to pull out of her pussy to take a deep breath of air. But her body responds too fast for me to withdraw properly and soon I'm licking her labia again, feeling those smooth, soft, silky inner folds glide across my tongue is keeping my own pussy wet as fuck. I want to touch myself so bad but my hands are too busy holding up her ass that I can't. Oh I'd like to spank her so fucking hard right now... so I do. She squeals with delight as the sweet soundwaves of her rippling buttcheek reaches my ears so I do it a few more times.

She then forces her pussy into my mouth and as I smack her ass for the fifth time she shoots out a huge load of girlcum right into the back of my throat. I choke on it for a couple seconds as I struggle to swallow it but I do so eventually, with Sorcha moaning uncontrollably all the while.

After her climax, her alluring scent starts to waft around her entire body and my own arousal remains sky high.

"So good..." I murmur to myself while still enjoying the taste of the nectar remnants that are clinging to my tongue.

"Mmmm yes... it feels soooo amazing... thank you my darling." She coos happily before laying down ontop of me on the bench.

Her breasts relax against mine and our pelvises come closer and closer together until we're pressed against each other intimately. We only have about 80 minutes before curfew, so after relaxing for a bit and just cuddling, we just talk for a bit. She talks about her father and how brave he was during world war II, while I try to explain to her what my Pre-Reaper life was like since she was kind of interested in that.

Afterwards we decide to get a little bit daring or rather I do since Sorcha is committed to the whole nudist thing while I most certainly am not. We head into a pod and Sorcha takes us to some kind of replica jazz bar or something. The walls are adorned with red curtains and a dark wood. A bar sits on one side, tended to by a mechanical bartender. And then there is a jazz band on a small stage... of Theta Sentinels not anthros... playing some swaggy funky old tune that I probably recognize but most definitely don't know the name of.

She leads us to what she calls an chaise lounge, basically it's that couch that you see in movies or video games that are usually in some brothel pimp's office, where one backside is higher than the other one? Yeah those. If you don't know what they are... just use Mojeek or Google or whatever the fuck the dominate search engine in your reality is to see a picture of one.

Anyway we lay down on the rather wide fancy sofa and begin to make love once more, all the while listening to sweet sultry jazz music until we both fall asleep for the night.

- Monday September 29th, 2008 -

What did you think this chapter was over? Hell no bitches we still have September's competition to get to first. Ahem, first of all let me say that this punishment from Father sucks so much. I'm so exhausted and tired all the time, plus I still have a month to go before my schedule goes back to normal. I mean yeah I feel like I'm learning alot quicker under Father's personal tutelage but holy hell not having a day off really fucking blows. Everything hurts, all of the time.

Sex is still great though lets talk about that.

By now everyone already knows what happened between me and Jason. How could they not with our personal tiny assassin bots following us constantly, always locked onto our Reaper cores? So yeah everyone knows. Most nights I just spend with Sorcha either fucking or just cuddling, although sometimes I spend time with Axel or Paisou, both of whom I made up with and didn't really feel offended by me ignoring them for weeks.

Sorcha and I have an emotional connection of some sort but while we're obsessed with each other's pussies we love cocks as well, so we're in an "open relationship" I guess. She is who I can talk to about anything and it's the same for her issues when confiding in me, we've shared a lot of intimacy and personal life details over these past couple of weeks.

For Axel and Paisou though we're just fuck buddies and we're all cool with that. We still talk about random shit like I know now that Axel loves to dance. Not poledancing silly I mean actual like dancing like Waltz and Mambo and stuff, who knew? I didn't. Whereas Paisou... yeah he's an otaku like me. We share alot of anime and manga that we like with each other so that's fun but we don't talk about much serious stuff. I know he loves tuna sandwich's more than most anthros... so there is that but still. I don't have the time to watch anime anymore anyways... maybe once I get days off again... dunno we'll see.

Not that there's anything new to watch these days since we've heard on the news that Japan's government recently collapsed under the global pressure of the alien invasion, along with Canada, Mexico and some other countries that I don't care about. Europe is still holding on though surprisingly, like a last beacon of worthless hope for anthrokind. Whatever, we'll take over it soon anyway.

Sorcha enjoys sex with Axel and Toshia as well even though Toshia and I have not been intimate yet. Oh well, we may fuck sometime who knows. He's sexy and buff although not nearly as much as Axel is. Obviously the only one we don't care to talk to at all is Jason... and that pink cunt cat lady. What's her name again? Do you even remember? I sure as hell don't. Pretty sure her and Jason are "dating" anyway so I don't fucking give a single shit. Those two cunts are made for each other so let them tear each other apart, who cares.

Anyway yeah that's my love life situation for now. Complicated I guess. Thanks Avril.

Tomorrow is the competition. Dexterity. I don't have a clue what the test will be but I guess we'll find out soon enough. I'm ready. Oh yeah I guess I should share my skills hmm? Haven't shown you all in a while.

Cold Resistance Level 1: Provides a very basic amount of cold resistance.

Crimson Lightning Level 4: Allows one to emit mildly strong red lightning from their palms for a variety of offensive uses.

Digestive System Rework Level 1: Converts solid waste into liquid urine. Does not effect gas. Increases urination rate by 300%.

Fire Immunity: Immune to fire.

Regeneration Level 4: Provides a below average amount of core body regeneration. Does not nullify pain.

Quick Reflexes Level 9: Provides a fairly high amount of above-average dexterity.

Shock Immunity: Immune to electricity.

Soul Energy Resistance Level 7: Provides a fairly decent amount of resistance to the negative effects of soul consumption.

Thick Skin Level 1: Provides a very basic amount of defense. Nullifies pain very slightly.

Toxic Flatulence Level 2: Turns expelled anal gas into a weak poisonous gas.

Stored Soul Power(SP): 45238.55

Hehe yeah boy! I finally have my first offensive superpower! It's not very strong right now true but I've been training with it for almost a week now. It's badass as fuck, I love it. Trying to imbue my staff with my power is not as difficult as alchemy mind you but it's still a tricky process to master. I'm sure I'll get there.

I'm feeling a lot more confident than I was at the start of this month so yeah... I'm happy where I am. I still want to be the strongest Reaper, I do. But I'm not so blind to that goal that I'll push everyone and everything else away from me. I want to achieve my desired outcome and... I think I'll be able to do just that.

But on the off chance I don't... what can I say? I refuse to live with regrets. But if that were to happen, well, let's just say that I'll go down in the history books as a great villain... even if I'm not the most famous one from Earth I'll still be pretty high up on that list.

- Tuesday September 30th, 2008 -

The day is finally here. After my morning routine of pissing in the bathtub and getting dressed, we're all led out into another arena of sorts. While the Test of Strength area was fairly small... this one is only like slightly bigger so yeah I don't know where I was going with this run-on sentence.

The bright white room is rectangular and simple in its shape. Along one of the longer walls there's a series of seven squares, along with seven under them on the floor of equal size. Five are fairly small, I'd say eight by eight feet and two of them are a couple of feet bigger. In each of the squares on the wall there are sixteen circles, arranged in a 4x4 grid pattern, the bigger ones have twenty circles in a 5x5 pattern. Toshia and Axel are told to use the bigger areas while the rest of us can just pick whatever square we want. I choose to go between Axel and Sorcha, heh, and I think Jason and cunt cat lady take the far left side. And oh yeah in the floor square it's just filled with sand like an actual sandbox.

We turn away from the wall as instructed and Father is standing behind us, wearing yet another white suit.

"Welcome to the second test of twelve." Father begins his speech. "As before all your Reaper abilities will be disabled for this competition as this exam is a reflection of your body's physical power only. When the test begins, sharp wooden spears will come out of one of those holes in the wall in a random location. The longer the test goes the quicker they'll come out. If a stake grazes your flesh, you're fine. But if it fully pierces your body, as they're designed to do, you are out. Also if you step outside of your square even slightly you are also eliminated. Any questions?"

None of us answer... he was clear and to the point, same as always.

"All right then. Good luck and get ready." Father says as he leaves the room.

We all turn to face the wall again. My heart is pounding. I can do this. It's a simple test.

Soon enough we hear a countdown and then a buzzer goes off. A thin sharp stick comes for my right leg, I dodge. Several more come and go and while one grazes my ear it doesn't get stopped so I can keep going. They're coming faster now. I've heard a couple of grunts of pain from others but I've got to stay focused on myself. I duck, shift to the left and jump to the right all within a couple of seconds, another scream. Two are coming out at once now. I have to worm my way in between two like an S shape as the one on top nearly blasts my tits off but I manage to dodge it while keeping my balance.

They don't slow down. In fact they only get faster and harder to see. My arm and leg gets grazed at the same time but I have to grit my teeth and bear it. Left, left, right, down, left, up, right, left... this is very difficult three are coming at once now.

In only a few more seconds a spear comes right for my gut. I jumped into it's path to avoid another one and didn't notice it. Fuck. It pierces my stomach with a sickening scraping sound and I almost immediately throw up my breakfast as my machine stops. Dammit. Apparently I lasted for 23 seconds. Not bad I guess?

I try to pull the stake out of me but Axel offers to do it so I just let him. It's painful as hell as he rips it out but it's over fairly quickly. I look beside me to notice that Sorcha is still in, still dodging three no four spears at once now damn. She's covered in small cuts but still going. Seconds later though a stake pierces her arm and she screams. I hate seeing her in pain but she did better than me so... good job. She pulls it out on her own accord and the competition is over. Wait it's over? She shakes the winners hand... and Paisou thanks her for the intense competition. Damn so Sorcha got second... sweet. Wait that means... I got third? I look at Jason and he looks angry as fuck. He seems to have gotten in fourth place. Ahahaha... what a loser I love it. I finally beat his ass at something!

I mean I did not get first of course but it's a hell of a lot better than dead last. I got third! I'm giddy as fuck as we all head into the grand dining hall and gorge ourselves on amazing food that we've never had before. I love it so much.

"Good work everyone. Please enjoy the rest of your day relaxing and recuperating. October's test will be the Test of Constitution so you can all look forward to that." Father smiles at everyone as we finish our monthly Reaper family meal. "I'll see you soon Vaine."

Ahh shit I don't get a day to rest do I?

Ok... lets go. Fuck my life.

Reaper Rank (September 2008)

Jason Hawkright - = 10 Points

Sorcha Hansal - = 10 Points

Paisou Kayo - 10 Points

Axel Cress - 8 Points

Toshia Kamagst - 7 Points

Vaine Steele - 6 Points

Eris Bellington - 5 Points

Still though I'm not dead last anymore! I mean I still have a long way to go but that dumb fuck cat lady is in last place! Ahaha! Fuck you cunt! I'll catch up to Jason and pass him... don't really give a shit about anyone else right now competition wise.

Anyway, at the end of the day, after the contest and eight grueling hours of training I head to bed exhausted and by myself. Although I'm not technically alone anymore... I have one anthro I can confide in... and a few friends who will fuck me whenever we both feel the need to.

Life... has gotten a lot better. I could only hope that it'll stay that way.

