Kidnapped desperation (fanatsy fiction story)

Author: VAIZEL

*000*2021-04-29 10:26

This is my first time writing a fanfiction pls forgive me if my english is wrong.

This long story got desperation, holding.ok lets get on with the story. Main character name : Avril yeo

###

Time : 8am

It was just another hot morning Avril, a young

Teenage girl age 16 with a slim body and a huge bladder. Got ready for her school at the central college she felt thirsty and drank some water. Then she saw a slight bulge in her andomen inndicating the need for her morning pee. She went to the toilet and relived herself of her water then changed into her skirt and blouse and headed out for school.

She reached school on time as usal then went for class as per normal. During one of the last classes she had the urge to pass water but was against it as she does not like the school bathrooms.

Time : 6pm

School ended. Avril was about to head home whem she was called by her teacher to stayback for a project in school till nightfall. She groaned in dissapointment.... firstly because of staying back.. secondly ,her huge bladder was rather uncomfortable with her urine as she had not used the toilets for the whole day.

As a result she had no choice and went to use the school dirty bathroom to make herself comfortable.

Night fell... time : 9pm

Avril was finally done with her project and stayback class she sighed she went to the bus stop to find that there were no bus services.

So she walked home.

On the way back home she felt a urge to use the toilet again but wasnt worrried at all.

After all she have a huge bladder and is already heading home.

Suddenly, someome from behind covered a cloth on her mouth and the world went black.

Avril woke up and releaside she was inside a huge room with one light and pale white walls.

Her wrists and legs were bound to the wall by iron chains. She grunted with annoyance

....where am i ? I thought i was walking home? Why am i bound by this chains?

Then it hit her... she was kidmapped!.

She rembered... it was last night....when she was walking back..when someone... grabbed her.... Avril whole body was numb,fatique her wrists were sore from being chained up.

A moment later a man walked in with a liter of bottle water and shoved the bottle in her mouth

She could not do anything to stop that man but was grateful for the water as her throat was dry.

The man left the room without saying anything afterwards.

Time : 1.30am

Hours later.... avril yawned and tried to move as her body was stiff from being in the same position for a long time. She adjusted her skirt crossed her legs and sighed as she needed to use the toilet.

Avril was hoping someone rescue her soon she hoped the outside world would soon notice her absence from school.

Another few hours later...Avril urge to use the toilet gotten worse. She started to use her well-trained bladder muscles to hold as her bladder is getting fuller by the minute.she groaned" how much longer"? There was a slight bulge in her skirt now indicating her need to pass water.

Time : 4am

It was 4am but Avril did not know the time she just knew another few hours passed each minute feeling like 10 min she was exhausted from holding her urine her bladdrr muscles were tired and starting to hsve difficultu holding.her face was red from holding so long

She knew the time has come . She cant jold any longer her urthera hurts as hell and her body can take no more.

Suddenly , a group of men walked in all were carrying weapons such as Blades, knife , one gun and a kantana sheated

The biggest men she guessed the leader walked up to her and said you are our hostage and you will obey whatever i say and do.

She did not reply. The lead then walked over, looked at her bulging bladder and punched her in her bladder causing her tremdous pain. She screamed in pain and clenched her spincutr musvles to hold her urine before she leaked into her panties.

The lead man said: you must reply me by saying "yes" is that understood?,

Yes.. avril said.

Good .

Now....i shall..

###

LEADER! 4 of our men were taken out! At the entrance !! a guard said

What caused it?! Is it the police? The lader asked ?

I don t know yet sir! I Will investiage! Bodyguards defend the leader until i return. In the meantime i will lockdown this entire room!!

Leave the intruder to me!

The guard Pulled out his gun walked out and licked the room door.

Click!

Avril looked up through a haze of pain was that the police? Taling out the 4 gyards ?Am i finally getting rescused ? She thought .uugh! She moaned, a bit of urine went into her panties.

Boom. The front door exploded and the whole room clogged up with dust....foosteps....

Reaady yourselves !! One men shouted

Weapons were drawn out.

Through the smoke ans dust a ypung man probarly in his 17 wearing a black hat and black trench coat walked in.

Good morning all. He said.

KILL HIM!! The leader roared! The young man pulled out a kanata and swiftly brought down 2 guards .

Avril was amazed withwhat she saw. She squirmed in her seat as her bladder tried forcing out her urine during her distraction.

The youngman then threw his kanata impaling the leader to the nearby wall and then pulling out a iron rod and knocking down to other guards.

The rest of the guards ran after seeing their leader knocked down.

Avril leaked again into her panties. She groaned

Her bladdrer wont hold anylonger and the urine is at the tip of her urthera. Mmmm! She moaned ut hurt so bad to hold but she was almost free.

The man cut the chains locking Avril which allowred her to immediately grab her crotch and hold her swollen bladder.

You okay? The man ask?

What is your name? "Avril"

Oh nice, I am Brad Goh the Undercover student am actually the master of the blade and many more which will take time to explain.

Anyway, can you stand ? Or are you in need of something?

Uhhh i really need the toilet...Avril muttered as she held herself with both hands.

Oh i see. ........u can relive yourdelf here or hold till we get to a toilet the choce is yours. I will be outside waiting. (walks out)

Avril pressed her thighs together in desperation

Ugh, should i pee now? Or should i find a proper toilet? she thought.

She looked around the room for a pail. No pail not even a vase. Just a table and some useless papers. She walked out of the room and sighed.

Ughh my bladder is overfull and my urthera is hurting.really bad .... should i just pee on the ground?

"BOOM "

Avril jumped at the loud sound.A moment later Brad came running in with his sword drawn.

We need to move! Enemy reinforcements are here!!

Avril moved as fast as her bladder allowed her to she was at her limit and one wrong move can cause her dam to burst.

Brad yelled :Watch out!!!" Gunshot rang through the air and Avril covered her ears and continued running.

"THUD"

Something hit her. Was it a gumshot? She plucked out a dart from her leg. Shit, its a stun dart she thought. And she once more fainted .

Ughhhh she woke up lying down on a bed

Where....oh i remember i got shot by that dart...

Urghhh. She winced, Avril bladder is really full and is swollen it make her look 2 months pregnant.

You awake? Brad asked.

Yeah.... she said. Can i go to the toilet now am really bursting here...

Not sure if i can hold much longer...she

Crossed her legs tightly and moaned in discomfort. Where are we? Avril asked

Well.... we are in a bad situation here.. after u got hit by the dart i got distracted and the thugs shot me 3 times with their guns... so, i can't really move much right now.. managed to take 4 of them down. And we are pretty much stuck in this old house...

What!!! I can't hold for my urine for that long!!

I already leaked a few times!! How are you even a master of the blade when you cant even get us out of this!

I am sorry. I never thought this would happen. Brad apologised.

Release your urine outside in the rainforest

It has been a day since u peed. It is unhealthy to hold. Go outside and do your bussiness

Call me if you see thugs....

Part 2 out soon!

*001*2021-05-26 16:59

I will write part 2 as soon as i am done posting out "Desperate at the park with friends" written in 2018.

*003*2021-06-04 07:51

Part 2....The forest

(Images are used to help describe ONLY )

Avril walked unsteadily as she held her overfull bladder. She exited the front door and was greeted by the lush green rainforest.

The scenery was really astounding. All the animals roaming around , the birds chirping away .

Monkeys swinging from branch to branch the sound of water coming from the nearby waterfall and### Oh yes i need to pee so bad. Avril remembered.

She quickly squatted down, pulled down her white panties and relaxed her bladder. The moment she relaxed her full bladder all her urine can pouring out like a water jet. Oooh~ she moaned .

The feeling of releasing pent-up urine is so good it is like heaven for her...

She so wanted to touch herself and do naughty things when she heard Brad's voice coming from inside the shed.

Hey, woman. Stop being horny there, your making a lot of unescceray noise.

EEHHHHH????! He.... can hear??.. she covered her mouth and started blushing... oh my.....

How sharp is his ears?? .....Avril thought.

Oh dear .... my panties... i leaked into them quite bad at the abandoned place .. how did i hold so much.? ... at least i didn't wet myself..

Ahhh~ much better felt like my bladder was gonna burst..

She smoothen out her school skirt then walked back into the shed.

I'm back Brad.

Good grief... next time don't make so much noise

"Miss" .. if the enemy family hears it we're doomed.

Family? Avril asked.

Wait. I'll explain, as i was saying ignatius family

Will crush our family (phantrix family) .

We are outnumbered 10 to 1. It's best we stay out of their radar... for now

Um.. what is a family? You been saying.. these family will crush our family and all. Is family a gang of people or something?

Exactly, A family is like the Mafia ,Yakuza.. etc .

Some familes seek to destroy others and gain more power. While others tend to have territoral areas

Where they claim to" protect" and collect protection money. To fast foward it "igantius family" is one of those that destroy others.

It is unclear to me why they are doing this.

Umm. Your from the phantrix family.. am i right?

Yes.

And ###

Enough talk about this, you aren't involved in it.

As long as we escape from igantius family and i get you home, you will be safe with your mum.

What about you?

........

I'll be wiped out together with the "phantrix family"

Wiped... out... you mean... die?

Yes.

...

Anway, don't worry about me, worry about yourself first.

Want some water? It is bottled water so it is clean.

Hmmm changing the topic quickly huh?

Avril thought.

I'll take the bottle. Thanks.

Now, go and rest it's gonna be a long day

Ok, will do Brad.

3 hour later

Uhhh. Am so bored..... i need to pee a little bit. Must be the water i drank.. Avril thought.

Ah! I just remembered.. how are your wounds brad? You said you got shot a few times right?

Yeah.. but it is fine already.. "sigh" i was just clumpsy last night .. maybe cause i was thinking about the latest game in the play store...

Huh??? You...!!

Shush Avril . i hear something....

What is it?

Rustling sounds.... leafs being pushed aisde...

Voices! Men voices..!

Ignatius family is here! Time to leave.. Avril! Lets leave this shed now. Right this instance.

Can't you fight them? Or call your family to fight?

Didn't i say earlier? Our family is outnumbered

10 to 1.

But...you have a kanata .... she said.

I am not gonna dirty it anymore with human blood or whatever creature blood unless necessary. Cleaning is such a hassle this days.

..... ._. Avril face

(Pulls out the iron rod )

I'll use this in the event they find us. A good knock on the head should work.

Oh, that again Avril thought.

This is called the Iron pocket staff. Its easy to use. Cost $5

.....

$$

General, we have found the shed. Believed to be

The phantrix family shed .

Good work men. The enemy general said.

Now, find that pesky Master Brad and that girl

Kill the Master.

And for the girl... shoot her with a stun dart.

Yes sir.

(Enemy general smiles)

$$

Brad... we are we headed ?

Phantrix HQ ....but.. we must hide our trail first otherwise we will lead the enemy to our base.

?

You see the footprints we are leaving on the ground?

Yes and how do they track us?

Uhh. They look at the ground. Or use sniffer dog

Oh.

...

4pm .......

We almost there at the HQ ? I need to pee

I'm trying to lose the enemy they are really following us. Brad said

I see.....

My bladder is half full already.... the uncomfortable urge is there.. Avril thought

Follow me across the hill Avril. We'll lose them from here

Stop right there!

( すぐそこに止まる!)

(A LOUD MALE VOICE )

?

あなたは誰?

(Who are you?)

Brad said

You are surrounded by the Igantius Family!

Surrender and i won't kill the girl!

(Enemy warriors appear next to Brad and Avril)

Pointing their weapons at them.

That voice .... so familar Brad thought

!!

Belphaghor!!

(Belphaghor unveils himself)

Well well well never thought i'll see you again!

I see. You brought our hostage girl with you.

くそ. (Shit) Brad thought.

Avril was again frozen with fear as there was a gun pointed at her .

(I don't wanna die!) She thought.

I don't have a choice though Brad said.

I surrender.

Good choice Brad. Belphaghor said.

Or so you think!

Earth shaker!

(Brad slams down his iron rod causing the ground below them to shake)

何？(what?)

General! The ground is spilting !

$$

バイバイ！初めまして!

(Bye! Nice meeting you!)

Brad grabbed Avril hand and ran off before

Belphaghor could react.

逃げないで! (Your not escaping!)

Belphaghor started chasing.

I'll settle this. Brad thought.

Here is the map to the base Avril .

(Pass a map)

Follow the trail!

What about you?!

I'll be back.

Brad keeps his Iron rod away and pulls out his katana.

(Stops and turn behind)

かかって来い Belphaghor!

(Bring it on Belphaghor!)

To be continued

*004*2021-06-20 13:55

Part 3

Belphaghor runs towards Brad at and draws his own kanata

Die!( 死ぬ) Brad!!

Take this!

(これを取る)

"Gyazu Inazuma!" A 3 hit move

(Brad evades) and swings his katana

Only to get parried.

Both belphaghor and Brad started sending a flurry of blows at each other.

Oh? You are blocking my moves prefectly Brad.

And so are you. Bel.

I'll end you! Brad said.

Not so fast!

(Brad swings his katana, aiming for "bel" head")

Bel dodge by a Hair's breadth and jumps back )

Tsk. My hair, damm Brad.

Oh? You had a haircut? Brad asks

Shut it! (黙れ!) He yelled

(Brad charges to bel)

"MIZUGAESHI"!

(a 2 hit japanese move)

Ugh! Blood splatters all around staning the grass .

Bel drops to the ground...

So fast.... when.. d-did you get so... fast?

(Struggles to get up)

Guh.. i'll use my my box weapon to...stop you. Brad!

You should.. know "cough", "cough" the... difference... "cough" between... a A rank box and ring ... compared .." cough" to your C rank ring...

Your... ring will ... break..." cough" when.. used.

Now, come and kill me.

(さあ、私を殺して)

Alright then. Brad said.

This will cook you medium rare.

Brad raised his kantana to the sky

Thunder set. He mumbled

Lightning came from the sky infusing his sword with gold colour eletrical energy.

Take this...

(Points the katana to belphaghor)

Lightning ...barrage,!!!!!

A barrage of lightning came coming out from the kantana and striking the enemy general mutliple times...

ARGHHH!! GAHH AHHH!!!! HE SCREAMED

Ughh..

(Enemy genral collapses) and drops his box weapon

Oops. I think i might have cooked you a little

Over.. now it is like.. "well done"

........

Oh man... where am i? Avril thought

The map should have led me to the HQ...

I wonder if Brad is alright.. i saw lightning striking and expolosions in the forset.. must be a firece battle.

...(walking sounds)

Hey... I'm back~~

?!! Brad?! You scared me!

Got lost didn't you? I guess a klutz like you will never find her way alone.

Don't call me that!

Heh...

They walked on....

Okay... After this foilage we should see the HQ..

Brad said.

(Brad pushes away some plants.)

Woahh....

Heh.. welcome to Phantrix HQ

Wait... why is the castle walls cracked and damaged? Avril asked

Uh.... we were attacked.

I see.

Hello? Brad called

こんにちは

それは私が開いている.

Guys?

みんな?

( male voice calls out)

すみませんブラッド!

(Sorry Brad! )

Hey John! Don't call me "Burrado"! Open up!

よし!~~

(Ok~)

(Castle doors open)

Standing at the end of the Castle doors were a man. In his 30's

His hairdo was a crew cut + Black sunglasses

He wore a red polo T-shirt on top of that he wore a brown leather jacket, blue jeans with a belt.

Hanging on the side of his belt is a single ball mace weapon.

Yo, Master Brad welcome back.

Hi, Master John, any juicy news?

Nope.

Ok. Brad reply

Oh yes, i nearly forgotten about this young lady here. John said.

Your mother is the boss of the zakros family

And you must be her daughter.

Your mother's name is Emily.

What?! Mum is a Mafia boss? Maybe that is another person called "Emily" Avril thought.

Can't be she said.

(John pulled out a photo from his pocket)

Here. Your mum photo. The boss of zarkos family.

.......WHAT THE FU'*K It... is her....

Brad informed me about you 10 hours earlier. Saying he found a girl and etc...

(Brad smiles)

What's this ruckus here Master John?

(Male voice)

Oh! Sorry, Captain Harold.

Let's go and meet the boss Avril.

Wait. How do you know my name?!!

"Because we are the Mafia" Brad whispered into her ear.

Ohhhh.

!! Brad ,I need to go toilet. Is there one near here?

Uhh. I don't remember well. Sorry. U desperate to pee?

No. But am about really uncomfortable. Been holding for the past 6 hours.

1 to 10. How badly do you need to go? Brad asked.

7.

Hmmmm.... Hold it for another 1 hr. Cause we need to meet the boss, then bring you to your room. Hold it till then. Brad said.

Ok....

To be continued.

Images are used ONLY for description

I actually want to make this into a animated desperation series. I can't do it unless anyone here is good at animation and can help me do it.

*005*2021-06-23 14:48

My ISUS PC Windows 10 can't handle the animation process and everything crashed....

(Used daz studios)

Looks like i can't turn this into a desperation series...

Part 4 ( written)

Coming soon.

*006*2021-07-01 13:09

Part 4

"BOSS"

Avril, Brad, and John walked on till they reached the end of the hallway.

At the end of the hallway. There was a wooden door.

Boss is in here. Please mind your manners before we enter

John said.

Okay. Avril said.

Is the boss scary? Or is he some nice old man?

Avril thought.

Her legs refused to move.

What ya hesitating for? Brad asked

He isn't that scary.

It's just a talk. Chill.

(Brad proceeds and knocks on the door)

He says softly : Boss. Your guest is here.

Pardon the intrusion.

(Pushes open the door)

The room was huge .

Like a wedding hall

But dark and gloomy with no chairs and tables.

The side of the wall had some gold chandilers

Provdimg light.

In the center of the room there was a throne

On the throne there was a burly man sitting on it. His face barely visible

Boss. Brad said.

Welcome to phantrix HQ daughter of the zarkos family. The boss said.(Russian accent)

I never thought the wretched igantius family will do such a cowardly trick... just to win the war..

Using a young lady... Unforgivable.

Boss ! This issue can be adressed later John said.

Sorry. My bad Master John.

Okay.. as i was saying earlier, You are the daughter of the Zarkos family.

Your mother "Emily" is facing a difficult situation right now. As Igantius family is planning to kill her.

Your father has evacuated already and left the country. So he is safe. No need to worry the boss said.

Before i continue. I need a favour from this young lady.

Yes boss? Avril said trying to be respectful.

Hmph. The boss chuckled. You got good manners. Just like your mother.

Anyway, now that your involved in the mafia. You need to train yourself to become stronger.

Firstly. Is to protect your parents, relatives.

Secondly, it is to protect others such as the innoncent and weak.

Third! The boss said.

( You must strengthen the mind and soul......and.....)

(Avril stops listening to the boss)

( ugh... Just let me pee already.. it's really uncomfortable and i can't stop fidgeting...)

IS THAT OK?! The boss said loudly.

Huh?! Yes yes! I am! Avril jumped

Okay good.

Dismissed.

Boss.

Yes Master Brad?

Your too noisy, keep your volume down.

.__. (Avril face) what?!?! She thought

I think we should get going now ... John said

(Grabs brad and Avril arm)

Bye Boss!

(Close door)

Brad! Your going to make boss sad if you say that. John said

I can't stand the noise he created. It's bad for my ears. He could speak softer...

(John looks at Avril)

Avril. Lets go to your room.

I'll bring you there.

Ok...

I'll be going off . I have a tight schedule.

Brad said (Walks off)

Let's go to your room Avril.

Alright.

(Arrives outside a wooden door)

This is your room Avril.

Thank you...

I'm sure you have a ton of questions to ask.

I'll tell you everything during dinner.

John said

See you! (John walks off)

$$

Why does he seem to be in a hurry?

Avril thought.

Ah, a toilet in my room time to relieve myself

Wait. There's a card on the bed.

(Walks over and picks up the card)

Card read : Master John will pick you up here at 6 .00 pm don't go anywhere - Brad

... hmmm things are sounding fishy..

(Filps card )

Huh?

Hp: 975566629

That... is my mum handphone number!

' phone is on the table'

Oooh so i can talk to my mum. She'll definetly be very suprised heheh. Avril thought out loud

She lay on the bed and spread her legs Ahhh~

This room is like a hotel room!

(The urge to pee hits her)

Ahhh! She groaned i forget i need to pee!

She quickly pressed her legs together tightly

She pushed one hand into her crotch to help hold.

? What is this feeling? It's somehow nice. When i put my hand at my pee hole.. it tingles and feels good ..

Avril removed her school skirt)

Revealing a rather big bladder bulge. Making Avril look 2 months pregnant.

Oooh~ my tummy is so big.. "pokes"

Ahhh~!! It somehow hurts and make me wanna leak..never thought my bladder could hold so much.

I want to try something.... dirty

(Removes panties and sit on the bed)

She used one finger to rub her pee hole and vagina

And was rewarded with pleasure.

Uhhhh!~~~ She moaned loudly ... it.. is like a orgasm the one i read on google..

She rubbed her finger even more on her crotch

Haah~~~ she gasped so nice... a full bladder and this is like heaven...

Ahhh! She some liqud came squriting out of her bladder.

Did ... i wet? Avril thought No.. my bladder is still full.

Then this.. must be cum....

!!

Wow... i'm so horny right now... i want to do more dirty things... but i can't hold my pee much longer though....

Avril quckily went to the toilet.

Sat down and released her urine

Haahhhh~~~ this also feels good for some reason...

!!!

"Flashback to Avril peeing outside in the jungle"

It is the same feeling!

Wow. I didn't know my body could make me feel this way... she thought.

"Sniff" i smell... i better take a long bath till dinner. Avril thought.

(Strips naked completely)

(Steps into the bathtub and fill with water)

To be continued.

*007*2021-07-03 13:49

Part 5 : "strategy meeting

(Images do not belong to me)

(It is just used to describe the scene)

(No omorashi content in this part)

"Knock knock knock"!

Avril? open up. It is John.

Huh? Whats that noise.. mum, i want to sleep more...

AVRIL! . Are you sleeping?!

Woahh! She jumped up. I fell asleep in the bath!

Geez It is 6pm already.. "sigh"

One moment Master John!!

She yelled

Okay! John replied

(Avril steps out of the bathtub and worn her bra and panties)

(Slight urge)

Mmh. I need to go pass water a little...

Must be cause i slept . I'll just hold it she thought

Ewww. My clothing smells...

No choice though...

(Wears )

(Opens door)

Hey Master John. I'm ready for the dinner.

Dinner is at 7pm. I brought you a new clothes so you can stop wearing your school uniform.

John said.

Here

(Brown cardboard box with 2 types of uniform)

This is the Phantrix family uniform and

The traditional Mafia Suit

He explained

The Traditional Mafia suit. Normally used in wars or offical meetings.

So, it is not advisable to wear it.

I suggest you wear the phantrix family uniform.

As it is more casual.

I see. Avril said

Descripition is on this white piece of paper

Change your clothing.I'll come back at 6.45pm

(John walks off)

I guess i'll change. Avril thought

$$(John walking)

If Boss said that earlier.. then it's really bad..

(Flash back to meeting)

2pm

$$

Master Brad: John, Avril is in her room already right?

Master John : Yes.

Boss : Let's start this important meeting.

First.

It is about this 3 rings we found in our treasure safe.

Basically each of this ring holds a lot of power in it.

Master Brad : I heard about it boss, i know i'm wearing a C- Rank ring. I have no box weapon

Master John : Box weapon?

Boss : Box weapon mean a box that unleash devestating power with one self strength called

"Resolve"

Master Brad: From what i know ,this rings and box stuff is indeed dangerous. And should not be used

Boss : This rings must be used in order to stop igantius family from destroying us!

After all, they are called the " Phantrix rings"

Master John : it seem that this rings are over

A- grade, thus it holds a lot of power.

Boss, do you think the igantuis family used this to defeat the Mafia police?

Boss : Possible..... I... think lets just wear this rings... after all, the ring flames are : lightning, Earth, Sun... it is our powers.... it is to our advantage

That is true Boss. Brad said

We'll wear it....

Ok, then that is settled boss said

I, the Boss of Phantrix family will wear the Sun ring. The blazing sun that destroys without mercy

I, Master Brad will wear the Lightning Ring

The Lightning rod that draws away damage and harm to this family.

I, Master John will wear the Earth ring .

The ring that solidifies the roots of the family foundation.

3.30pm

Okay 2nd thing... the boss said

There have been rumors that our enemy have been using Monsters in their attacks...

Apparently they have recruited the SCP Foundation 6 years ago.

The SCP Foundation is a secretive organization that contains anomalous or supernatural items and entities away from the eyes of the public.

SCP -682 /SCP 999 / SCP 0 76 -2 and many more last spotted 5 years ago

A vigilante group called the" Masters"

Had a all out battle with the monsters

The group of 72 were wiped out that day

Only 3 Masters survived the war......afterwards Igantius family went to attack the mafia police and kill them.

2019 - A war with the phantrix family

That's when they started attacking us....boss said.

Now, Igantius family is even stronger than a cities already.....

(Brad and John faces look grim.)

Uhh.. there is some good news.. the boss said

What is it ?

Uhh.. there is a Port..

"Port houstti"

It is under the enemy family rule now.. but if we take over, we can secure a escape route for the zarkos family and call our strong ally.

( GB) (God battleship) led by Lord Barnus) to help us win the war

Don't underestimate the igantius family... Boss...

Brad said gravely.

What is with both of you? John? Brad? Why the grim look on your faces?

What's going on?

Nothing Boss. Both of them said at that same time

!!

5.34pm

John:I'll go and get Avril her uniform boss.

Brad: I'll go and play mobile games boss.

See ya...

(Walks out)

Things are really bad.... what should i do? Should i tell boss?

John thought..

As he walked through the hallway

(To be continued)

$$

*008*2021-07-18 13:21

Description

- Master Brad Goh

Weapon : Katana

Weapon name : Marlintoya

(マーリントンヤ)

Age : 18

Clothing - Black trench coat

/Black Hat/ Black pants

Or Black Blazer/ black pants /Purple tie

- Master John young

Weapon :Flail weapon

Weapon name:" božo repe"

(神のビート)(god beets)

Age : 26

Clothing - (depends)

Boss "Igor Oblast"

Weapon : Large battleaxe

Weapon name : Helsinger

Age : 42

Clothing - Black suit/ Black pants / Red tie

Avril Tan

Weapon -None

Age - 16

Clothing - School uniform+ Phantrix family uniform

( knee length Green skirt and Green Top)

(For male is Green pants and Green top)

Cotton material.

