The Coach and the Student

Author: Vena Sera

*000*2013-08-05 11:20

DISCLAIMER: I DID NOT WRITE THE ORIGINAL STORY; I JUST EDITED IT.

All credits of the original story go to lilbumblebee of asstr.org for the original story.

All characters are fictional; resemblance to any real life people are NOT intended.

It was another warm summer day as I drove toward the Academy. I loved days like this. The sun was glaring, bright and warm, and with school just having ended for the summer break a week ago, attendance and enrollment were both way up. That meant every class at the Starbright Physical Excellence and Expression Academy - my brainchild, pride and joy - was chock full now. As I turned the corner, I saw scores of little leotard-adorned girls, hopping out of cars with their little gym bags, standing around outside talking, playing hand games or giggling at silly jokes. They were probably waiting for the current classes to end, so they could get in their spots inside.

I shut the car off, and as soon as I got out, I saw a tiny crowd of girls rushing toward me. "Miss Stephanie!!!" they cooed, arms outstretched, wrapping gangly limbs around my waist. I smiled, and held them tight. I wasn't a teacher exclusively here, but I ran the place, and made sure things went smooth, so the kids knew me well.

"Good afternoon, girls," I said to them.

"Are you all ready for your lessons?"

"Yes!" they piped up. Beautiful little girls, all of them. Bright, wide eyes, big pretty smiles, tight little bodies, with just the barest hint of tummy, their leotards clinging to their little frames. I thought they looked absolutely adorable.

"Go on inside, girls, I'll be in there in a bit," I told them, and off they scattered. One stayed behind to give me one last hug, and her cherubic little face nuzzled against my groin. I chuckled to myself as I watched her run into the building.

"M--Ms. Prentice??" I braced myself, and turned to see a dark haired woman, her hands on the shoulders of a girl. I was infinitely more interested in the girl, although her mother was quite attractive as well. But the girl had olive colored skin, not very dark but much darker than the woman I presumed to be her mother. She had long, dark wavy hair, and big, doelike brown eyes, and it was quite apparent that the girl was mixed. She was also wearing quite the sour expression. The woman held her hand out, and I shook it and gave her my "Wheaties" smile. That was what people liked to see.

"My name is Angela Burress. This is my daughter Kimball, she's 14. I am so glad that Kimball got in this year," she gushed to me. "I mean, to think that she'll be training under an Olympics calibur athelete-"

"Why, thank you, Ms. Burress-"

"I mean, I know you haven't competed in years but it's absolutely incredible! I mean, how many other people will get to say that?" I had to fight hard not to let my smile fade. I hated when people brought up my past.

I was Stephanie Prentice, one of the Team USA members in the 1982 Olympics. Some called me a child prodigy, others the future of the sport; I just called myself good. I was 16 when I made the team, and six when I began my training, which was daily and dominated my whole life. All I knew was gymnastics.

The day I competed, my routine was flawless, but I screwed up my landing, and in doing so, screwed up my knee. And my career. I could never compete again. I was a wreck about it for a while. How do you teach yourself not to do the thing you feel born to do? How do you get that out of your heart? I went through a small bout with painkillers, and four years after the accident, I took some money and started a gymnastics and ballet school. I just wanted to be in that atmosphere again.

The drive, the intensity, the competition. I was living vicariously through these girls. Every time I saw one of them do a handspring or walk the balance beam for the first time, I felt that old thrill again inside of me. Today, the school is more successful than I had ever dreamed it would be, and I felt like a winner again most days--until I had conversations with people like Ms. Burress, who couldn't possibly know how much it hurt not to be able to compete, or the pain your heart carried when you were reminded of it.

"Oh, I just remembered; I have a dental appointment in thirty minutes. Thank you very much for coaching my daughter. I have to go now, but I'd love to talk later!" she said, getting back into her car. I waved at her, and walked into the building as she drove away. As soon as I walked in, I heard one of my instructors bark, "Get DOWN from there!!!"

I stuck my head in the door, and found a class full of girls decked out in their little ballet leotards giggling at the instructor as she struggled to pry a little girl off the bars used to help the girls train. She was perched on top like a bird, and grinning as she held on for dear life. I decided to intervene, and stepped into the room, blowing my whistle. The class fell silent, and the little girl's head whipped toward me.

"I'l take her, Julie, don't worry," I told my instructor. I gave the little girl a stern look as I took hold of her, and she offered no resistance as I pulled her from her perch. "I don't appreciate you interrupting this class," I told her. "You'll be coming with me for the day, so I can go over the rules here with you and make sure you obey every last one. Understood?"

"Yes, ma'am," the little girl said, her eyes wide as she peered up at me. She knew I was the top dog here, or at least got that impression, so she was being good...for now. She was adorable. Strawberry blonde hair, pulled up in a ball at the top of her head and secured with pretty pink ribbon, big green-grey eyes, so clear they looked like glass. I took her by her hand and led her out of the room. "Now, what's your name?" I asked as we walked down the hallway together.

"Danielle," she replied. "But my Daddy calls me Ellie."

"Ah. Well then, Ellie, how old are you?"

"I'm seven," she told me. She tugged indelicately at her leotard in the back, which was riding up on her. "This hurts," she told me. I led her to the bathroom, to help her fix it.

I helped her slip out of it. "Ah, I see, I said. "You've got these all bunched up." I tugged and twisted, and soon she was much better. "There---no more wrinkles," I confirmed.

"I don't want to put that back on," she whined softly, and I chuckled. "Well, you have to. We can't let you do ballet naked!" I replied playfully.

"I want a tutu!"

"Well, we really only rear those during the big shows. But maybe I can find you one to wear at home," I told her. She lit up, and happily put the leotard back on.

We headed back to the hallway, and I hadn't made it far before I heard the piano of the all boys ballet class. I peeked in there, Ellie peeking in right along with me. I loved to see the boys in their leotards and stockings, rehearsing their steps. They had such a grace to them.....One boy in particular caught my eye. He was much smaller than the others, his body having not yet developed the more defined and lean look of the other boys his age. He had a blond bowl cut, hair the color of straw, and stormy blue eyes.

He was focused intently on his moves. He moved especially well, and I loved his shape in the leotard. He could have easily been mistaken for a girl, if not for the slight bulge in his leotard. I watched him a bit longer, and when the music ended and the boys stopped their dance, the only thing that kept me from staring was Ellie's enthused little claps and her voice calling out, "Yay!!!!!" The boys gave her a chuckle, and so did I. I noticed that while the other boys seemed to have friends they hung out with as they prepared to head home, the one, smaller boy did not.

I walked up to David, the instructor. "What's his name?" I asked, pointing to him. David glanced over.

"Oh, that's Tyler. He's pretty quiet. "

"He looks a bit young to be in here...is he advanced?"

"No, he's 11. Just small for his age, I guess," David replied. I nodded, and took another look at him, then grinning to myself at thinking about how cute he is before I left, Ellie still skipping beside me.

"What's your name?" she asked me.

"I'm Ms. Stephanie," I told her.

"Well Ms. Stephanie, I gotta go pee." I looked down at her in disbelief.

"We were just in the bathroom! Why didn't you go then?" I asked. She grinned, showing me a gap where a tooth had fallen out.

"I didn't hafta go then. But I do now," she replied. I said nothing, just headed back to the bathroom.

We went in again, but we realised that all of the cubicles were locked.

"What now?" she asked.

"We'll come back in a sec," I told her.

I then remembered that I had to settle some administrative matters, and brought her along with me to my office.

Once in the office, I shut the door, and sat in my cushy chair in front of the computer. Ellie looked around. "I wanna sit too," she said, noting that there were no other chairs.

"Wait here." I told her as I went into the office next door, and found a swivel chair and carried it to my room.

"Here ya go, Ellie." I told her as I placed the chair down.

She was wriggling around in the chair, because she had to pee so bad.

I was looking through some documents when I heard Ellie stand up.

"Ms. Stephanie, I really really need to pee!" she lamented.

Sighing, I stood up and beckoned here to stand up and follow me. She did just that, and we exited to the bathroom.

While we were passing through a corridor towards the bathroom, I turned around, and noticed that Ellie was lagging considerably behind me. She was also putting her hands in between her legs, and was crossing them together. I gave her a worried look, then strolled towards her.

"Can you hold it?" I asked her, in a concerned tone.

"I dunno." she replied. "Let's keep going."

Finally, we reached the bathroom. I pushed the door open, and waited for Ellie to go in before closing the door. Strangely enough, the stalls were still occupied. I knocked on the first stall, then the second one, then the third, and finally, the last stall door, and asked "Is anyone in there?". I received no reply.

"Hurry up Ms. Stephanie, I'm going to pee pee my pants!" Ellie wailed.

"Hold on!" I replied.

I bent down to see under the door, and I saw no pairs of legs in any of the stalls.

"Damn it, someone locked the door from the outside." I cursed to myself.

Suddenly, I heard Ellie start whimpering, and I heard a hissing sound, then the sound of liquid splattering on the floor, then sobbing. I turned around, and I saw Ellie standing there, wetting herself. She was grabbing her crotch, but to no avail. Pee was flowing out of her crotch and down her legs, soaking her leotard and tights and creating a puddle on the floor.

Then she stopped peeing, and she started crying, using her hands, which were also wet with pee, to cover her face.

"I pee my pants! WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH..." she wailed.

I went up to her and squatted down, then hugged her in a warm embrace.

"It's alright, everyone pees their pants." I told her in a reassuring tone.

"Really?" she asked, in between sobs.

"Yes. I peed myself once while in a competition before." I replied, reminding myself of that embarrassing moment during the training I had a week prior to the fateful day in which I broke my leg.

"Wow." she said, no longer sobbing. "B..But this..." she pointed to her wet tights, "What do we do now?"

"Don't worry." I assured her as we walked towards the sick bay in the main office.

Over there, I opened a wooden closet, and pulled out a short-sleeved pink leotard and white tights.

"Change into this." I told her.

I pulled down the blinds on the windows, then closed the door. Not long later, she opened the door, now smiling and showing no signs of previously crying her eyes out.

I put her soaked clothes into a plastic bag, then handed it to her.

"Now return to your class; your teacher and your friends should be waiting for you."

I then proceeded to walk to my office when I felt a tug on my shirt. I looked down, and I saw Ellie looking up at me.

"Ms. Stephanie?"

"Yeah, what is it?"

"Could you teach me ballet?"

"No, I can't. I teach gymnastics."

"Then could you teach me gymnastics?"

I thought about it for a while, then told her to wait for me at the office.

I ran into my office, rebooted the computer, then opened up a new Word document.

I started furiously typing, then turned on my printer and printed what I typed on a piece of paper.

I grabbed it, and ran back to the office. Ellie was still standing there, to my relief. Upon seeing me, she jumped up and down in excitement.

I passed the form to her.

"Get your mommy or daddy to sign this, okay?" I told her. "I need to go now. See you!"

"Okay!" she exclaimed.

She then looked down at the form.

"REQUEST OF APPROVAL TO SHIFT YOUR DAUGHTER FROM BALLET TO GYMNASTICS CLASS" she read, aloud.

Even though she was seven, she roughly knew what it meant, and grinned happily.

This is my first edit; never really had the courage (or the creativity; I have no ideas of any stories at the moment) to actually make my own fic.

Constructive criticism is welcomed; I want to know if there is any way I can become better.

