Generic Female #618

Author: V.A.I.

*000*2023-03-02 16:43

Hi peoples! First of all, thank you for the amazing support you all have shown me on my previous stories. This time, I've decided to try something else. A friend of mine (who wished to remain anonymous) showed me one of her artworks a few days ago. I asked her if I should recognize the character she drew from somewhere, and she replied "No, it's just some random generic female number 618," and I somehow got this idea from it, so I offered to write a story around it and post it here (with her permission, of course). You'll get to see the art at the end; so for now, buckle up and join me as we follow the adventure of three young and aspiring scientists and their titular test subject, Generic Female #618. Here we go.

#

Elizabeth walked into the research lab and quickly greeted the two other women wearing lab coats, before taking a quick glance at her phone and excitedly turned to one of the researchers.

"I just got your text; is this true? Have you finally perfected the formula?"

"We believe so," the researcher replied with an equal excitement. "Computer simulations show this particular blend to prompt a difference of around 500 milliliters in capacity on female subjects."

"FIVE HUNDRED?" Elizabeth cheered looking at the two women. "Hannah, Sarah; do you know what this means? Our last subject barely broke a hundred milliliter increase..."

"Ladies, let's not get ahead of ourselves," Sarah interrupted the celebration as she pointed at the glass panel separating the laboratory from the test chambers. "...we still have the human trials."

"Right, let's wake her up then."

Elizabeth pressed a button on the keyboard in front of the panel to turn the lights on in the next room. Inside was a woman in her twenties, sleeping soundly on a comfortable bed, with all kinds of books on the nightstand next to the bed and a small TV on the other side of the room. To be fair, it looked more like a mediocre hotel room than a laboratory test chamber. The only difference was a vital monitor with a bunch of cables, a wall with restraints for neck, hands and feet; and finally a large beaker with measuring lines on the side going up to five liters, with a plastic tube coming out of it. A toilet and a sink were also part of the room, though in plain sight of the observers. Other than that, the woman on the bed looked fairly comfortable.

"Hello? Subject 618? Can you hear me?" Elizabeth spoke through the microphone.

The woman slowly opened her eyes and got up from the bed, still groggy and rubbing her eyes. The name tag on her pajamas read "Generic Female #618" in bold letters; thoıgh they usually called her "Subject 618" for short. It was an unspoken rule in their lab to not know the names of their test subjects; due to the nature of their work requiring extra privacy and anonymity. Subject 618 did a little stretch before looking at the three researchers on the other side of the glass.

"Morning guys," she answered, still half-asleep. "Any chance you've got some coffee over there?"

"We were just about to ask you; come on in." Hannah buzzed the door with another button.

"Actually, umm..." Subject 618 interrupted as she stood up from the bed and pointed at the toilet behind her. "Mind if I use the bathroom first? Y' know... Morning pee and all..." Her cheeks blushed slightly.

"For the experiment to progress faster and more smoothly, I think it would be best if you didn't." Elizabeth answered with a warm smile, seemingly excited at the subject's eagerness to use the facilities. "Please come over to this room; a large hot cup of coffee awaits you. We can also talk about the details of the procedure as we begin."

"Fine..." Subject 618 protested with a groan and made her way to the other room, grabbed a cup of coffee and sat down in front of the other three women in lab coats.

"You already know the basic idea of our study, but I'll briefly go over it once again," Elizabeth started talking. "You are here as a test subject for a new drug to treat urinary incontinence among young females, by physically altering the size of their bladder for a designated period of time."

"Yesterday's procedure was what we call a "control experiment," Sarah continued. "The main purpose of it was to determine your maximum bladder capacity before the administration of the treatment."

"And this one we'll be doing now..." Hannah took over as she handed her a small white pill and a large glass of water. "...will measure your maximum capacity after."

Subject 618 took the pill and swallowed it with the water, before continuing to sip her coffee.

"And just like the last time..." Elizabeth pointed at the experiment room. "...to completely eliminate any involuntary reflexes from you to alter the voiding process, such as... ahem... holding yourself, we will lightly restrain you, only at the very end." She lightly blushed. "That also includes a funnel connected to a graduated beaker for more precise volume measurement. Other than that, the discomfort will be minimal on your end."

"Well, I suppose I did sign up for it..." Subject 618 nodded with a sigh. "So... when do we start?"

"We already have." Sarah pointed at the almost finished cup of coffee in her hand and the large empty glass of water next to Subject 618. "You can spend time here until you reach about a 7 out of 10 on the relative urgency scale; then you will have to move to the observation room. Right now, on a scale of one to ten, how full would you say you are?"

"Umm... I don't know," Subject 618 thought for a moment. "I still haven't had my morning pee yet, so I guess a 6 or so..?"

"Alright," Sarah nooded as she took a pen and her notepad and recorded the number. Meanwhile, Hannah had filled up two half-liter bottles of water and handed it over to her. "Another cup of coffee?" She pointed at Subject 618's now empty cup.

"Sure, why not; I'm guessing I'll probably need to be fully awake and alert for better results..?"

"That's the spirit," Elizabeth smiled at 618 while Hannah prepared another cup of coffee. The four of them chatted for a while as 618 finished the first of the two bottles of water, along with her second cup of coffee of the day.

After about 15 minutes, Subject 618 was already starting to get fidgety and restless. Every few seconds or so, she would uncross and recross her legs and shift her butt in her seat slightly. Other than that and sitting somewhat more tensely than usual in her seat whenever she was not fidgeting, she seemed to be handling all that liquid quite well.

These subtle signs did not escape the three researchers' keen eyes, however; as Elizabeth interrupted their chat and asked:

"Alright, I think it's time for an update on where you are on a scale..?"

"Oh, umm..." Subject 618 blushed as she noticed that despite her best efforts, the direness of her situation had become a lot more visible to the outside eye. "I would say I'm about a seven by now..." She added with a nervous chuckle and another shift in her seat.

"Very well," Hannah gestured her towards the other side of the glass panel. "Please go ahead and proceed to the experiment room; you can spend your time by whatever means you'd like; except for using the bathroom, or course."

"And remember to let us know when you feel like you are not able to contain the urge to empty your bladder any longer; so we can begin the measurement process." Sarah added. "Good luck."

Elizabeth escorted Subject 618 to the experiment room and returned.

Subject 618 laid on the bed and somewhat tightly crossed one leg over the other. She turned on the TV and started rummaging through channels, before settling on a relaxing documentary channel.

After about another fifteen minutes of shuffling and leg crossing, Subject 618 changed the TV to another documentary, only to be ironically greeted by a series about the natural formation of waterfalls. She let out a slight groan, before turning off the TV and stood up from the bed. The three women on the other room noticed Subject 618 to standing very slightly bent over now, presumably to make room for the contents of her rapidly filling bladder.

"How are you holding up, 618?" Elizabeth asked the woman through the microphone.

"It's getting really bad really quickly..." Subject 618 answered as she stood with her legs now tightly crossed. "I would say it's about an 8 right now..."

"Good," Elizabeth sounded excited. Sarah and Hannah both took notes on their notepads after observing the subject for a while. "Please remember to finish the last bottle of water on your nightstand." She pointed at the second half-liter bottle.

"Do I have to..?" Subject 618 asked nervously. "I'm already quite full..."

"The exact liquid intake throughout the experiment is predetermined and must be kept relatively constantly," Hannah spoke without lifting her head up form her notes. "Please go ahead and start drinking immediately."

"Okay..." She reluctantly opened the bottle and finished it in the next five minutes. She showed the empty bottle to the women before grabbing a book from her nightstand and sat down on the edge of the bed, but stood back up after a few seconds and started pacing up and down the room instead, trying her best to concentrate on the book in her hand.

However, it was apparent after a short while that distracting herself from her need was no longer an option for Subject 618. After managing to read no more than a few pages after twenty minutes, she set the book down and sat back on the bed. She could not stand still anymore; she had to cross and uncross her legs constantly. Her hands were rubbing up and down her legs, inching slightly closer to her inner thighs each time.

"E-excuse me..." she nervously called out to the three women observing her every movement carefully. "I... I think I'm getting to the end of my tether here..."

"Yes, we can see that," Elizabeth replied with gleaming eyes. "Would it be safe to assume you're at about 9 on the scale?"

"Y-yes, definitely," Subject 618's breathing had begun to shake. "Oh god... how much longer do I have to hold it for?"

"As long as you possibly can; that's the whole point." Hannah answered. "And then preferably some more." Sarah added right after.

"I-I'll try..."

The next twenty minutes were increasingly exciting for Elizabeth, Hannah and Sarah; and equally agonising for Subject 618. Her hands that were previously rubbing her thighs were now tightly squeezed on her crotch, trying their best to aid her exhausted sphincter muscles. Beads of sweat had formed on her forehead from her continuous efforts of holding the large amount of urine inside her. Her breathing had gotten even more unstable; she went back and forth between bobbing up and down on the bed a few times to tightly squeezing her legs together with her hands in between them to regain her composure.

"Guys..." Subject 618 bemoaned at the other room in desperation. "I really don't think I can hold it much longer..."

"I'm afraid we must insist you wait until the last possible moment, Subject 618," Elizabeth answered without any hint of sympathy. "According to our calculations, you still haven't reached your maximum capacity based on the previous test results and given the volume of liquid you consumed."

"But... but I'm really —ooh god... really full here..." She barely managed to regain enough composure to stand up from the bed, with both hands still glued to her crotch. Standing up fully straight was nowhere near an option for her; but she still tried her best. She very carefully turned sideways and lifted up her top to reveal her bladder bulging out of her slim figure. She could only hold that pose for a second however; as she had to continue her frantic pee dance to keep all the liquid in. "I-It feels like I'm about to —aah... about to pop..."

"Very well," Elizabeth debated in herself whether to conclude the experiment now or push further and risk an early unplanned accident. "We will wait an additional five minutes to ensure maximum stretching of the bladder; then you can go."

"No... I don't think I can—" she let out a small scream and froze as she felt her control slip momentarily. She removed her hands from her crotch to take a look, only to be relieved she hadn't fully lost control yet. She cried out frantically. "Please..."

"Alright, do your best to hold it for a few more seconds," Elizabeth let the girl know before gesturing her two colleagues towards the experiment room. "Just for us to put on the necessary restraints and the measuring equipment—"

"HURRY!" she cried out as she made her way towards the measuring cup and started undressing, making sure to always have one hand glued straight to her peehole.

"Okay, Subject 618, we will need you to stand still and put your hands behind your back for just a few seconds until we can put on the restraints. Do you think you'll be fine until then..?"

618 did not hear the two women anymore. All her focus was on keeping the torrent of pee inside her body for one more second. And then one more. And then one more. Hannah and Sarah swiftly put the shackles on Subject 618's hands, feet and neck. Without the help of her hands, 618 knew she had mere seconds. As she saw the funnel get close to her private regions in the corner of her eye, she lost all control. A hot, forceful stream of pee immediately sprayed out of her peehole as her muscles completely gave in; skillfully but barely caught by the funnel in Hannah's hand. Sarah quickly brought the measuring cup closer and connected its end to the tube just in time.

For a good minute, there was no sound in the room except for Subject 618's heavy sighs of relief and her powerful jet of crystal clear urine hitting the funnel like a garden hose. Hannah and Sarah carefully and precisely measured the volume of the beaker, before excitedly whispering something between themselves and hurried over to the observation room. Meanwhile, the exhausted Subject 618 was just recovering from the immeasurable wave of pleasure of finally letting go after holding for so long. She gave a long sigh of relief and looked at the three women enthusiastically smiling and nodding at each other.

"Congratulations, Subject 618; you may get dressed and come up here if you'd like," Elizabeth let the girl know.

618 nodded, too exhausted to say a word. She got dressed and joined the three ladies celebrating in the observation room.

"This is exquisite..." Hannah cheered.

Sarah joined her. "A full four hundred milliliter increase in maximum bladder capacity..."

"There's still room for improvement, but I would conclude the experiment to be an an overall success," Elizabeth seemed the happiest of the three. "Ladies, let's go grab some coffee to celebrate, what do you say?"

"I'm in," Sarah agreed.

"Me too," Hannah followed.

"618?" Elizabeth turned to her.

"I think I need a shower first..." Subject 618 shook her head without a second thought. "Besides; after today, I don't think I want to see a drop of liquid for a long, long time..."

&&

THE END


