The Pissing Dead (The Walking Dead Omorashi Parody)

Author: Vaine Steele

*000*2023-04-16 01:51

Hello all, Vaine here with a quick one-shot story for you all. I don't plan on writing more of this specific story but this is an idea that I've had in my demented brain for a long while. I hope you enjoy this. I don't use any characters from TWD comics or show but you can just assume that this is in TWD universe, just some survivors whom we've never seen. Fan fiction I suppose with entirely original characters.

If anyone wants to continue this story or write another one similar to it feel free. It's very unlikely that I'll write more of it but hey if I ever feel like it I will I guess. This story contains blood and violence, you have been warned. Also if nudity bothers you, probably not the story for you. Either way I hope you all enjoy.

~Much Love, Vaine Steele

###

Season 1: Episode 1

The world... ended like five months ago. Walkers roamed the Earth. Billions died... yet there were still tens of thousands of humans scattered around the globe that were struggling to survive.

What? Too dramatic? Kay.

My name is Alicia, and I was one of those humans. I used to be a high school girl who dreamed of becoming an archaeologist when she grew up. But all those dreams changed in less than a day... when the fire nation- I mean the undead attacked. Hey now I thought it was at least slightly amusing.

Anyway enough jokes lets get to it hmm.

My best friends and I have somehow been surviving together since the beginning of this whole apocalypse thing. Kyle, who's a boy a year older than me and Samantha, a girl the same year as me whom we just call Sammy. Anyway we're nineteen, Kyle is twenty, blah blah blah.

We made a base outside of a city in Kentucky, basically just took over a high class private school because it had a solid fence around the entire property and we've been living here since a few weeks after this whole thing started. We just survived the brutal winter on probably a few hundred cans of food but now our supplies were growing thin. It has been spring for a week or two, rainy but alot warmer than it was. I couldn't tell you the exact month since well, the internet died a long time ago and none of us cared enough to count the days.

Nevertheless we were forced to scavenge for more food, so we drove up to our local Wal-Mart in the morning and planned on looting a shit ton of food. Sadly though, this turned to that and by some unfortunate set of circumstances we ended up being trapped in a second floor office with a single door between us and hundreds of walkers. We've been fighting them for the last hour but there is seemingly no end to them. Kyle ended up having to carve a moderately sized hole into the floor just so we had a place to dump the bodies.

Stabby head of walker trapped by the door's barricades, toss body down the hole, rinse repeat.

Thanks to some good luck, the only good luck really, the door broke apart in such a way that it would only allow two walkers maximum to crawl in through the bottom of it at any one time. If they all got in at once we'd have died awhile ago. But now you are all caught up to the present.

We're so fucked.

***

"Alicia! Get the one on the right!" Kyle shouts out to me.

"R-Right!" I stammer my words as I smash a hammer against its skull, splattering blood and brains against an already filthy wall of viscera.

Kyle is the only one shuffling the bodies into the nearby hole a couple of feet from the door right now and he's been doing so for awhile, like thirty minutes. I can tell he's exhausted.

"We'll leave the next few corpses to block the pathway for now..." Kyle breathes deeply. "We have no choice we need a rest. At least I do."

And rest we do, once we've killed like four or five more. Enough to be safely barricaded from fresh walkers but as I said before, we're trapped. If we wanna get out of here we'll have to keep killing them and dragging them out of the way until they stop coming. We don't know how long that will take. Sammy and I rotate out sometimes, since only two people can crouch near the door at once done so right now she's just huddled in the corner, trying to stay warm I guess.

We all drink some water and have a can of food. After about a twenty minute break, we get back to the amatuer brain surgery. Like forty minutes later is when I first notice it. I have to pee. Not badly mind you but the numbing annoyance of my bladder is noticeable. I don't have time to worry about it though, since we're all just fighting the undead nearly constantly. We need to kill them all, again, anyway so either way I'm not gonna be able to urinate until we escape from here.

My mind refocuses on the undead army in front of me and I try my best to ignore my bodily functions. My clothes and red hair are stained with countless blood drops by the way, fucking gross. Gonna need to clean up at home after this for sure. The fact that I wore shorts today doesn't help either since I can feel the sickly blood on my legs.

"Kyle? How many more of these things do you think we'll have to deal with before we escape?" I ask as I smash my hammer into a forehead that's blocking our way, causing its gray matter to spray over a nearby walker that was trying to crawl through the barricade.

"How the fuck should I know? Probably a few hundred more or so but I'm not sure." Kyle stabs the crawling walker through the eye socket as he replies.

I'm getting rather impatient... bad habit I guess. Another hour goes by and yeah my bladder is feeling quite antsy. I'm still focused on killing the walkers but it's super distracting right now. Normally I'd have peed awhile ago unless we were on a car trip or something but yeah... no bathrooms here. My pussy lips around my panties quake ever so slightly as I think about feeling relief.

Gah fuck. I can't think about the washroom right now... or I'm gonna go crazy.

My anus clutches as I tell my brain to hold onto the piss and my bladder obeys me... for now. God this could be really bad if we're not out of here soon. Why are there still so many walkers?!

After about another ten minute break, Sam replaces me for like the fifth or sixth time and she and Kyle kill the monsters for awhile. I'm left to just sit in a corner... with my thoughts and my aching bladder. God this fucking sucks. My brain starts thinking of things that I wouldn't normally think about. Like what my dad would say if I died in an apocalyptic pandemic outbreak... He'd probably laugh his ass off... then cry. My father was an asshole after all but he was still human. After like twenty more minutes of doing nothing I feel awful... my privates are beginning to ache badly now.

I tell Kyle I'll start pulling the bodies into the hole and that he can take a break. I need ahh... fucking distraction from my bladder. I pull about a two dozen corpses into the hole before something terrible happens. I'm distracted for like two seconds from a vaginal cramp and a walker grabs onto my shirt.

"Alicia!!" Sam shouts in a panic as she tries to hit the grasping hand in front of me.

I don't even have time to scream as the walker pulls on my shirt... and rips it clean off of me as Kyle jabs his knife through its head. It only takes me a few seconds to realize that I'm now sitting here, terrified... and my best friends can see my pink bra, freshly exposed to the air in the room. I cover up my chest reflexively and curse.

"if you're too tired say so Alicia!" Kyle yells as he thrusts his weapon into another walker's eye socket. "If any of you two die I'd never forgive myself!"

"I-I'm fine." I lie through my teeth and don't mention my throbbing privates right now that are struggling to hold back the golden army at my bladder's gates.

That fucking monster took my shirt off! What the fuck?! I mean yeah my friends and I have spent most of the winter having sex but god damn we're out in public right now! Each and every walker can see my covered breasts now those fucking perverts. I feel ashamed. And embarrassed. And so incredibly aroused at the same time. The horror of being caught completely naked in public washes over me like a wave of heat. What the fuck is wrong with me?

God I really really have to piss now... it hurts... but I gotta hold on. Last thing I need is to have an accident right now... that'd just cause my embarrassment to skyrocket. I have to focus on keeping my pee inside. This is no time to let myself off easy.

Kyle continues fighting for a little while longer until Sam shouts out to him that they're almost done, she doesn't see very many of them left. I have to resist holding my crotch... I can't let them know I have to urinate this badly... they should be focused on getting us all out of here.

After about ten more minutes of agony, the sounds of walker grunts and moans finally dies down and nearly vanishes like five minutes later. We- we can get out of here now? It takes a minute or two for Kyle to clear out a path for us to go. I moan lightly as I do a potty dance and immediately have to stop when Sammy looks at me. Shit. Did she hear me? Kyle crawls under the door first and gives us the all clear after yet another minute or two. Sam goes through next and now it's my turn.

Dammit!

I dunno how I'm gonna hold onto my piss for much longer as my bladder is seeming to bulge slightly when I look down below my belly button. It really fucking hurts now, like burning molten lead that won't go away. I approach the door and crawl along the ground. The carpet is stained with dried blood and guts it is fucking horrible but I poke my head through the other side easily enough. I continue to worm my way through the narrow gap inch by inch. My upper body is out of there now. Almost... there.

*Snug*

Are you serious? I'm fucking stuck?! My fat ass is preventing me from coming out all of the way? What the actual hell is happening today?!

"Kyle?" I bite my lip as I try not to show how much I have to piss out a river right now. "M- My... butt is stuck. C-Can you pull me out please?"

He laughs lightly but grabs onto my hands and pulls... as we all hear a huge rip that may as well be as loud as a fart. I turn my head around and notice that my short shorts got caught in the doorway and were just... torn right off of me. What the fuck!

Sam and Kyle both laugh as they realize I'm now in my underwear.

"Thanks Alicia I really needed this after we nearly died." Sammy says between laughs as I stand up, flush with embarrassment.

I hold my crotch tightly as I feel abit of pee squirt out of my pussy. Oh fuck fuck fuck no not now! Hold your waters!

"What's wrong?" Kyle asks concernedly.

"I- I really have to use the bathroom... badly." I confess as my cheeks get redder than I ever thought possible.

Kyle turns his head away and blushes too. "Oh."

Sammy turns to me, with her head at an angle like she's very confused. "Why not just go? We're all friends here aren't we? Who cares if you piss in your panties?"

At hearing those words... I feel... so horny. And yet so humiliated.

"What the fuck do you mean?!" I bellow.

"I mean... no one else is going to see you." Sammy says with a kind of innocent lust in her eyes. "And seeing you thoroughly embarrassed and clutching your privates like that... is very cute."

I feel the pee in my bladder beginning to bubble, it'll come soon now!

"Well?" Sam presses as she holds onto my arm. Kyle continues to blush but he's staring too.

Oh god... they're both looking... waiting for me to piss. Ahh fuck I've held for so long what is the point anymore?

"N-No..." I tell them with a whimper. I feel a trickle escape between my legs and dribble around my anus.

"It- It's coming! Ahh fuck shit!" I tremble as I move my hands away.

I know now I'm about to let it out, the urine is flowing through my vagina like lava. My panties are soaked and feels so divine against my wet labia lips, my thighs are shaking from the intense pressure I'm feeling. I hear Sam's gasp as my stream begins to flow more freely into my undies, creating a warmth around my crotch that I've never felt before. The sensation is unlike anything I've ever experienced... it makes me want to cry as I feel my piss pour into my panties and splatter onto the worn-out carpet below. My pussy feels on fire and my anus clamps shut as my peeing cunt continues its ride on cloud nine. I can't believe I'm doing this right now... but it feels too good not to keep going.

My bladder finally gives in completely and doesn't hold back anymore. I moan loudly as I force the piss out of me as fast as possible. It feels amazing... and my two best friends are watching every moment of it. Kyle and Sammy stare at me with awe as I continue to leak into my underwear and I begin to think how incredibly stupid I am to be urinating myself right here. How embarrassing this all is! Yet... it feels too good. I don't know why I feel so turned on from having an accident. I practically cum while thinking about it although I hold myself back.

I just stand there, letting my golden lady juice run down my legs into the soaked carpet. It feels so naughty... but also really fucking incredible at the same time. My heart pounds in my chest as the warm liquid doesn't stop gushing out of my panties and I can't do anything but take it. It feels so wrong yet so wonderful.

After another minute or two, my peeing subsides and the warmth around my privates slowly fades. I'm left standing there... my face redder than I ever thought possible. Sam and Kyle both have huge smiles on their faces. At least I'm trying to look normal and regain my composure as reality sets in. I nearly cry as I hold my hands to my face.

"Don't feel bad." Sam coos. "You're very sexy you know."

"Oh..." I mutter out, feeling very self conscious. I turn away to avoid her gaze as my mind tries to come up with a way to escape from this awkward situation.

"This should make both of us feel better." Sam turns around quickly and drops her pants and panties in one smooth motion.

She's.. mooning me? What?! She's very sexy of course but what's up with her?

In the next moment, I have my answer. She sticks her tongue out at me and begins to piss profusely. A stream of golden liquid splatters down onto her jeans and then reaches the carpet within the next second. Her urinating pussy looks so beautiful and inviting... and so incredibly lewd.

Sam laughs and continues to let it pour out of her. "Feels so good~~ Ahh fuck..."

"Geez did both of you girls really have to go that badly?" Kyle says as he stands beside me to get a better viewing angle of Sam's perfectly cute ass.

"Of course!" Sammy blurts as she continues to pee while exposing her rear. "We were in that office for nearly four hours probably, I'm hungry again so it's likely way past lunch time."

I wanna admire her ass and leaking kitty more but I see two walkers shambling towards us. There far enough away for us to react though.

"I got this." I tell Kyle as I ready my hammer.

I trip the one walker on the right with a well timed kick to the shin and slam my hammer into the side of the other one's skull as it seemingly explodes in a cloud of viscera.

The other one doesn't have time to stand up as I turn around and yell. "Stop looking at my butt!"

I bring my hammer down onto it's cranium twice as it shudders for the last time. I wipe off my hammer with a nearby rag and notice that Sammy is finished peeing. Damn I missed the end of the show.

Regardless, after our sexual experience we really wanna fuck but we can't yet. We have to gather food first afterall. We put dozens upon dozens of supplies in our truck before Kyle drives us home. When we get to our base we all make a run for our makeshift bathing room and clean ourselves off... before fucking all of our brains out.

Not literally but you know.

This was the day when the three of us all found out that we loved to pee near or on each other. It would become our favorite kink in this otherwise hellish wasteland. We would survive. Shit, at this point I'm pretty sure Kyle is gonna impregnate us both soon anyway and we'll have kids to feed as well. I've been learning how to farm, Kyle is knowledgeable with makeshift construction and Sam takes care of our weapons, she's even crafted some.

Eventually we'll need more people... who are trustworthy if we're to build something resembling a civilized settlement. But for now... we're just going to enjoy being young and horny.

