Alex, Claire and the track run

Author: Vaporbender

*000*2011-04-06 00:08

For those interested, this isn't the long one I said I was going to do. This also stars Alexandra and Claire from my first fanfiction, Breaking the Iron Bladder. Both are average-height, slim figures. Alexandra has rich brown hair, and Claire has light-green hair.

Alexandra and Claire were walking into the gym room, getting ready for another sweaty hour working out. "I can't believe Marie talked me into this dare!", Alexandra said. "Oh, cheer up! You look like a princess, which I can't really say about myself.", Claire replied. Yesterday, Marie dared Alexandra to wear her best dress to school and not take it off during gym. The dress was an extremely elegant, light blue floral-print one which went just below her knees. It was very tight-fitting though, hindering her movement. Claire, on the other hand, was wearing a pair of purple gym shorts, which she'd tucked her plain white t-shirt into and some extremely long, white tube socks which had purple stripes.

"Relax Claire, you look just fine!", Alex said. "You know, I can still feel those three bottles of lemonade I drank during lunch swashing around inside of me.", Claire said. "Yeah, me too. Why did we both drink so much lemonade anyways?" Claire asked. "Who knows, but it was so good!", Alex replied. "I guess you're right. Plus, it's not like we'll be stuck in here for longer than an hour anyways.", said Claire.

About 10 minutes later, after listening to a rather dull speech, they were running track. Alex however, in her constricting yet ravishing dress, was having quite a hard time even stepping forward. "I'm glad you rejected to wearing heels. That's just going overboard.", Claire told Alex. "I'm glad too. Say, do you feel.. a slight urge.. to go?", Alex asked. "Yeah, I do. It's probably nothing though.", Claire responded. But it was something. With every step they took, that tiny urge began to ever-slowly grow, until about 5 minutes later, still running, it caught the attention of Alex. "The urge is starting to grow. I don't know if I'll be able to make it the entire hour!", Alex said. "Don't worry, we'll both make it to the bathroom. No matter how long we have to endure this!", Claire said.

"It feels like we've been out here an eternity!", Alex said. "I know, and we still have another half an hour left!", Claire said. By now, their urge was to the point of clouding their thoughts. "Mrs. Smith, can me and Alex go to the bathroom?", Claire asked in her best attempt at a puppy dog stare. "Can't it wait?", Mrs. Smith responded. "No! I feel like it's going to come out very soon!", Alex angrily said. "Ugh, fine! Do one more lap and I'll let you two go.", Mrs. Smith said, clearly agitated by the two girls. "I don't know if I can make it another lap in this constrictor of a dress!", Alex whispered to Claire.

"I feel sorry for you, girlfriend. I really don't want to get wet again like we did at the drinking contest.", Claire said. "Just, don't talk about water, okay!?", Alex said, holding onto her 'faucet' with both hands. "Fine, but remember, I did drink an extra carton of milk before you showed up at lunch, so I have to go just as bad.", Claire told Alex. "Every step I'm taking feels as if I'm going to burst!", Alex said.

"Didn't you just say not to talk about wat - "Yes, I know! I just had to say it!", Alex said, interrupting Claire. A rather mean boy took notice of the two girls desperation, and threw a tennis ball at the back of Claire. The thud caused a small spurt of pee to come out, creating a faintly noticeable wet spot on her gym shorts. "Young man, detention!", Mrs. Smith yelled. The comfort Claire got from knowing the boy didn't get away with it wasn't enough to mask the embarrassment she was feeling. "Remember what you said, Claire. We'll make it!", Alex said with pride. "You're right, we need to keep going!", Claire said with a risen spirit.

Every second felt as if the floodgates were weakening, as if it would all come out in plain sight for so many people to see. At last, however, they made it back to Mrs. Smith. "Well then, I guess you two are free to go! Just don't take too long.", Mrs. Smith told them. They were beaming with happiness, yet whimpering because they were both ready to lose control. "You were right Claire, we would make it!", Alex happily said. "We haven't made it yet.", Claire said. "You go to the right, and I'll go to the left.", Alex said. "Why?", asked Claire. "Because, if we don't make it, we won't be seen together.", Alex said. "Okay then.", Claire said.

Alex got to the front door when a girl blocked her way. "Aww, does the little girl have to go potty?", she said. "I'll let you pass, if you let me tickle you.".

"What?!", Alex said, feeling ready to explode. "Okay, fine, but I guess you don't get to go potty then!", the girl said. "Fine, tickle me...", Alex said. Alex then began uncontrollably laughing, however struggling with all her might to hold it in. After about a minute of being tickled, and by some miracle, staying dry, the girl let her pass. As Alex took her first step into the bathroom, she heard a sudden flush, startling her and forming a rather large wet spot on her blue and white striped panties. She couldn't give up now. Every pain-filled step made her cringe, until, at last, she made it to the bathroom door. As she began to open it though, a girl already in the stall, who had forgotten to lock the door, yelled "Do you mind?!" at Alex. Alex then, in horror, jumped back as the flood began. A very visible wet spot formed on her dress, trickling down her legs. Tears began leaking down her face as an enormous puddle began to form below her.

Claire had just made it to the other stall when she bumped into somebody, spurting out another bit of pee. "Watch it, we were here first!", a girl nearly as desperate as Claire said. "How long have you been waiting here?", Claire asked. "Oh, about 3 minutes.", the girl responded. "3 minutes?! I can't hold it in for that long!", Claire said, with her hands pressed to keep the flow from coming too soon. Each second was agonizing, eternal, plain out torture. By the time she got into the bathroom, the sound of the sinks made it even worse. "Just one more person, then I'm in the clear!", she whispered to herself. One of the stalls creaked open, a girl taking her time to leave. A few drops had escaped, and she rushed into the stall. Just as she was about to pull her gym shorts down, the flow came. Claire gave up, letting both her panties, legs and socks get soaked in a warm, yellow stream.

Both of them hiding in a stall, they called each other. "Tonight, let's grab a pizza. I've been through way too much today to not have one.", Alex said. "Agreed", Claire said.

