Outside the Club

Author: Viesmann

*000*2021-03-17 11:42

It was a Saturday night in America, where the legal drinking (and clubbing) age is 21. I was going to a club with some friends. we weren't sure whether we would get in tho, but we decided just to try.

I was doing my makeup with the other girls, and we were running late.

Actually, I had to use the bathroom, but I decided that I could probably wait until we got to the club, and use their bathroom. When we got into the car, I realized I had made a mistake, but I wasn't going to ask for us to turn back.

The other girls noticed my fidgeting and asked what was wrong. I told them I needed to use the bathroom. When I was "caught" anyway, I felt comfortable enough (but really had no other choice) than to push my hand into my pussy, and hope for the queue not to be too long.

We finally make it to the club, and I consider squatting down right then and there, but they thought that would be disgusting. So we just walked to the door, no queue luckily, just a fat security guard in a bad mood. He asked for ID's, which we didn't bring since we were only 18-19, and then said we couldn't enter without ids. I asked if I could at least use the bathroom, not too proud to squeeze the lips of my vagina together as I said it, but he responded with: "Yeah, only using the bathroom eh, That trick is a little too old." I tried more, begging at one point, but it didn't help.

The other girls told me we were leaving. "Where to?" I asked. They said we would party outside, there was a little group of people smoking around a low wall. "Okay," I said, but it really wasn't. When everybody was looking the other way, I quickly pulled my lace panties from under my dress and put them in my purse, At least they wouldn't get wet if things got bad, which they already were. I squeezed my parts really hard with one hand, through my dress, which was a mistake, I could feel a wet patch in my dress. I quickly pulled away and assessed the damage, a pee stain about the size of an apple, right on my vagina.

One of the girls happened to be looking my way right then and shouted: "That is disgusting!" I quickly covered it up, but it was too late, everybody looked my way, and I moved my hands. Not for long. The urge was too great, I had to grab my pussy, or my dress would get a lot wetter. I didn't dare go to the guard, as I was afraid I'd pee inside. On the floor. With two hands against my vagina, I wiggled towards the parking lot, but I wasn't yet at the first car when I felt my hands getting wet, Everybody looked my way, and I couldn't move anymore, It was running down my legs, into my shoes, and over the asphalt. My dress was soaking wet and I started to cry.

