Wednesday nights

Author: Valandrea

*000*2018-03-22 12:28

Hello everyone ! Here's a new story. I have been writing it in french for a long time now and decided to translate it in english (I hope there are not too many language's errors...). I hope you'll like it. As usual it's all about the teacher/student relationship... I need to get more imagination !

###

Ann Bardin finally got her students out of her busy mind when she lied down in her bed. This awful day was now behind her. She turned to her boyfriend Paul, already asleep for a few minutes, and felt calmed in a second. With her iced fingers, she touched his soft shoulder’s skin and closed her eyes. The accumulated fatigue during the day and his boyfriend’s warmth led her to fall sleep rapidly.

The day had started well, Ann was happy to rejoin her students after a week of holiday. But the afternoon with her CGSE’s students was painful. She particularly liked her CGSE’s students, they were very hard workers and very kind kids and she was always happy to teach them. But this day was a bit special, she had to give them back their copies from their CGSE’s training exam passed before the holiday. Most of the students had done well but a few of them had failed. Ann made sure to reassure them and repeated that this was just a training and not a definitive result, but some students reacted very seriously, some even cried a little.

Ann felt armless. If she loved her students and told it to them often, she was not a demonstrative person. And, besides with her boyfriend, she was not very talented when it came to physical stuff. She knew some kids today just needed a hand on their shoulder but she couldn’t do it, as if she didn’t know how to do it. And tonight, she couldn’t help but feel a pinch of guilt in her stomach. Hopefully, Paul and his warm skin were there to make her feel better. And on these thoughts she rejoined him in her dreams.

Ann and Paul were peacefully sleeping when they heard violent knocks coming from the front door. Waking up in a jolt, Ann and Paul quickly stood up in their bed. After a look at her alarm clock, Ann noticed that it was past 2 o’clock at night.

« Who can knock at our door at 2 am ? » she asked, panicked.

Before even answering, Paul went out of bed to open the window and looked down on the street. All he could see was some dark hair. But before he could shut the window, they distinctly heard the voice of a young man yelling « Mrs Bardin ! ».

« Is he one of your students ?! » questioned Paul, stunned.

Ann got out and went looking at the window but couldn’t see more than Paul did.

« What is one of your students doing here ? » continued Paul.

Ann, astounded by the event, didn’t say a word. The knocking on the door was getting heavier and the constant young man’s screaming was now full of despair.

« I’ll go look. » said Ann, fully awake now.

« Do you want me to come with you ? » offered Paul, worried.

« No, it’s better that I go alone. Go back to bed, darling. I’ll try to fix this. » she answered.

« If anything goes wrong, you scream, okay ? » said Paul, serious.

« Don’t worry, dear. » she said with a smile.

It was the first time Ann had to confront this kind of situations. The school where she worked was situated in a small town, thirty minutes away from where she lived. In other words, no student was supposedly living in the city.

When she went down the stairs, she felt worrier and worrier. Not for her her, her students were not known to be violent, but for the young man at her door whose screams sounded more and more imploring.

« Mrs Bardin, please ! Open the door ! » she heard screaming while she was crossing the living-room in quick steps.

When she opened the door, she was stunned to see one of her CGSE’s students slumped on her front door. The young man was called Ibrahim. A discreet and proud student, very conscientious in his work. He was the last student she could have imagine to be in her doorstep screaming desperately in the middle of the night. His eyes red, his jeans ripped on the knee, the knee visibly injured by a recent fall, unsteady on his feet, Ibrahim was clearly drunk.

« Mrs Bardin ! » he screamed softer as he saw his teacher’s face.

« Ibrahim ! What are you doing here ? » she asked, in shock.

« Mrs Bardin… I needed to see you. I definitely needed to see you. » he said with apparent difficulty.

« Have you been drinking, Ibrahim ? » she asked when she noticed the boy was nearly tripping.

« No. I never drink, madam. » he said with a smile that looked like a grimace.

« Come on in, quickly. » she ordered harshly. « Sit down here. » she said while designating the couch with a hand.

As Ibrahim was making his way to the couch, Ann heard Paul going down the stairs and saw his head appearing through the door leading to the stairs.

« Is everything alright ? » he asked, softly.

« Good evening, sir. I… I’m sorry to disturb you… I didn’t mean… to disturb. » screamed Ibrahim with a hiccup when he noticed Paul. « Wait. What am I doing here ? I never should have come here ! Oh fuck. I’m sorry, Mrs Bardin ! » he said, suddenly realizing where he was.

He was going clumsily to the front door but Ann stopped him without any difficulty. She put a hand on his elbow and led him back gently to the couch.

« You won’t go anywhere in your state, Ibrahim. Sit back down and stay calm. » she said firmly to the young man and then, turning her head to Paul « Go back to bed, I take care of him. »

« Alright. Call me if you need anything, love. » said Paul before turning back and going back to the bedroom.

Ann sat down on the coffee table, in front of the young man and detailed his face. He had been crying and was looking completely lost.

« What are you doing here, Ibrahim ? » she asked softly.

« I don’t… know. I had my basketball practice tonight and I didn’t want to go home… » he said hesitantly.

« And what are you doing here, at my house ? » she continued.

« I knew your were living here… I saw you one day in the street before practice. I remembered that tonight and I looked up on the internet and found your address. I didn’t want to go home, Mrs Bardin. And I really wanted to see you. I wanted to say I’m sorry. » he admitted, serious.

« What are you talking about ? What are you sorry for, Ibrahim ? »

« Because I suck. I’m a big fat failure. I failed my exam. » he said harshly.

« Is that why you drunk tonight ? » she asked.

« Maybe. I just wanted to stop thinking. I went out with some friends and I didn’t want to go home. I don’t want to see my parents now. I don’t want them to be ashamed or worried. »

« What nonsense are you saying ? It’s just a training exam, it’s just a grade ! You can’t react like that for a simple grade, Ibrahim. » she said firmly while taking his chin in her palm. « Look at me in the eyes, boy. It is just a grade. » she continued.

« You say that but for me it’s more than just a grade. For me, succeeding in school is a way out of my life. » he said while taking his chin out of the embrace.

There was a brief moment of silence, Ann didn’t know what to respond to such visible pain. But then she suddenly realized that she was missing a very important information.

« Did you tell your parents that you were not coming home tonight ? » she asked, worried.

« There’s no need, my parents trust me. They know I wouldn’t get into trouble. » he answered maturely.

« Because going through the streets in the middle of the night before a school day and knocking at your teacher’s house completely drunk is not enough trouble for you ? » she replied sarcastically. « You’re gonna call your parents right now. They must be sickly worried by now. » she ordered.

« I can’t call them like that, Mrs Bardin ! I’m drunk ! Please, don’t make me call them. Please ! » he prayed.

« Give me their number. » she said harshly, after a second of reflexion.

She left the coffee table to get the phone and dialed the number. At first she thought nobody would answer but she finally heard a sleepy « hello ». She talked to Ibrahim’s mother on the phone and avoided to tell her in which state she found her son. And as though Ann apprehended the call before, the discussion went shortly and quietly. Ibrahim’s parents didn’t worry and just thought that he had just decided to sleep at a friend’s house. They didn’t see any problem for him to stay at Mrs Bardin house since he was already there. Ann didn’t show any sign of surprise or perplexity when she came back to her student, not willing to make him sad, but she thought to herself that it was a very detached and cold reaction from parents who just heard that their son was walking through the city at night.

« You’re going to sleep here tonight. We’re gonna clean this wound on your knee, make you drink a lot of water to get all the alcohol you drunk out of your body and we’ll talk calmly about all this tomorrow. Agreed ? » she said.

« Yes, madam. » he answered, lowering his head.

While Ann went to the kitchen to get a bottle of water, she took a deep breath. She just realized that her breath was somewhat cut since she heard Ibrahim knocking at her door. Everything happened so fast. What was the kid doing here, at her house ? And, even more importantly, what were his parents thinking letting him wander around some city on a Wednesday night ?

But there was no time for questions now, Ibrahim was in such a state of inebriation that he couldn’t be left on his own in the living-room. And what if he got away ? It would be her responsibility now. Listening to the silence coming from the other room, she stepped in it quickly.

But the kid was still at the same place, half asleep, slumped on the sofa’s pillows. He looked particularly vulnerable and innocent at this instant. A perfectly opposed image to the one Ann was used to see in class.

She still could remember those few words he said at the parents-teachers meeting. She remembered this hard and proud look when she asked what he wished to do in the future. Since his answer, Ann have been looking at Ibrahim differently. Since that day, she never looked at him as if he was a kid. « I want to save my parents and be proud of what I do, no matter what I do ». She also remembered his parents seating next to him, a couple visibly overpassed by its own situation : neither of them really talked english and they remained silent during the entire meeting, resting completely on their son to lead the discussion. And, given this late visit from Ibrahim, they seemed to rest on him to take care of his own self.

Ann realized that she had somehow overestimated the kid’s capacity. Slumped on her sofa in his torn jeans, his eyes half closed, his smeared face, Ibrahim surely didn’t look like a responsible adult. No. What she could see was a lost teenager.

« What am I doing here ? » he called out.

« You’re ate my place, Ibrahim. Don’t worry. » said Ann, getting back on the coffee table.

« What do I do here ? I’m sorry, Mrs Bardin, I never should have come… » he said firmly while getting up with great difficulty.

While he was getting to the door, Ann stopped him with a hand on his elbow, again.

« You’re not going anywhere tonight, Ibrahim. Night walks are done for today. Don’t worry about school, I’ll take you with me tomorrow morning. But for now, we’ll go to sleep peacefully, ok ? » she said softly.

« But… I have to get back home. I can’t stay here, it’s your place. » he said, as if he had been absent until now.

« I called your parents, Ibrahim. They know you’re here, don’t worry. You’re gonna stay here tonight. Everything will get better in the morning. » she continued, patiently.

« Did… Did you say anything about… You know ? » he asked, worried.

« I said the essential. If you’re asking if I said that you were drunk then no, not tonight. » she said. « Now, enough talking. It’s late and time to sleep. »

She designated the stairs and was prepared to follow him but she noticed easily the kid’s difficulty to place a foot in front of the other. Without asking his permission, she placed Ibrahim’s arm around her shoulders and held him by the waist. It was quite comic to see them both in this position, Ann was quite small and Ibrahim quite tall. The ridicule of the scene seemed to hit the young man because he brutally got out of the embrace.

« I don’t need help ! I can walk by myself. » he screamed shamefully.

Ann didn’t even get the time to reply before the boy tripped on a step and sprawled against the wall.

« Not very convincing… Can you stop acting so proud now, Ibrahim ? » she asked ironically.

Despite his red cheeks, the kid let himself carry by his teacher to the bathroom, on the first floor. She sat him down on the bath’s ledge and looked through the medicine cabinet for his hurt knee. As she was getting ready to apply a coton impregnated with alcohol on the injury, Ibrahim stopped her.

« I can do it, madam. I know how to apply some alcohol on a wound. » he said coldly.

« Given your spectacle in the stairs, if I give you the coton I’m afraid you might drink it… » she said sardonically. « Now, what if you just keep quiet and let me do my job ? » she asked rhetorically.

After she bandaged the wound, Ann went to her bedroom.

« Stay right here, I’ll go get you some clothes for tonight. » she said before leaving the bathroom.

Back into her bedroom, she noticed the light turned on and Paul’s interrogative look.

« What’s going on ? » he murmured, worried.

« I’ll tell you everything tomorrow, but it’s gonna be fine. He’s gonna stay here tonight and I need some kind of pyjamas. Could you lend me some of your clothes ? » she asked.

Paul got out of bed and went through the wardrobe. He got out an old grey jogger and a black shirt and gave them to his wife.

« Thanks, Paul. » she said, kissing his cheek. « I’m gonna put him into bed and I’ll be right back, okay ? »

« Take your time, don’t worry about me. » he answered.

Ann went back to the bathroom et found Ibrahim seating on the floor, half asleep.

« It’s not bedtime yet, Ibrahim. You won’t go to bed before you put your pyjamas on and drank some water. » she said while giving him the clothes and the bottle of water.

Ibrahim obeyed and drank half the bottle of water.

« I found you some clothes to sleep. I let you change and then I’ll take you to your room, it’s on the second floor. I’ll be right outside. » she said before closing the bathroom door behind her.

After a minute, Ibrahim had joined her. They climbed the stairs heavily before opening the guest room’s door.

Without even a look for the room around him, Ibrahim fell onto the bed and started snoring. Legs half out of the bed, mouth opened, eyes closed, Ann couldn’t refrain a little smile. Where was that big young man she used to know ? At this moment, Ibrahim had lost every adult physical aspect, he was only a child.

She hesitated for a second to let him stay like he was but decided that it was necessary to put him under the blankets given the cold temperatures outside.

« It’s almost over, Ibrahim. Come one, help me a little. Let’s get you to bed. » she said softly while shaking his shoulder.

« Mmmh. » only said the kid.

Without waking up completely and with his teacher’s help, the teen climbed uneasily the blanket and slipped under it.

While adjusting the blanket around him, Ann noticed the mix of juvenility and pride on Ibrahim’s face. Even asleep, even drunk, even lost, the boy remained a little proud.

She left the bottle beside him and left the room, making sure to left the door opened a little.

Back into her room, the light was off and a glance at her alarm clock let her know that it was 2.45 AM. The day after was going to be very long…

She went to bed and put her face against her husband back, hoping that this warm contact would led her to an easy sleep. Paul didn’t move, he was profoundly asleep. But Ann couldn’t stop her thoughts. She finally fell in a very light sleep, listening to every noise coming from the room upstairs. Only the snoring sound coming from the boy’s room reassured her enough to let down her barriers and close her eyes.

It must have been nearly 4 am when Ann suddenly woke up. She had heard the bathroom door open brutally. A look on her side confirmed her that it wasn’t Paul, he was serenely sleeping. She left the bed for the second time that night and closed the bedroom door with precaution.

When she took a glance through the bathroom door, she realized that she had not been dreaming. Crouched over the toilet was Ibrahim, his head dived into the basin. He was spitting a lot.

She kneeled down next to him. He visibly didn’t hear her coming because he jumped a little when he felt her hand on his back. With a hand placed on his sweating back, Ann was looking for an eye contact but the boy didn’t raise his head. Ann could feel the boy’s back tremble. It looked like he was sobbing. Or maybe he was just holding back his nausea ?

« Don’t hold back, Ibrahim. Quicker you let it out, quicker it will be over. » she said softly.

After a second, she heard the young man vomit into the basin. She kept caressing his back, wet from the sweat, during his vomiting. But even after these few minutes of sickness, Ibrahim didn’t raise his head from the toilet. He didn’t spill anymore nor did he tremble. Signs of nausea had disappeared but the boy kept his face hidden in the basin and his back was still shaking regularly. Ann didn’t understand.

« Get your head out, Ibrahim. I have to flush the toilet. » she said firmly.

Only when the boy got his head out, Ann understood the shaking. The boy was crying furiously, violent sobs ripping his throat. These tears were not usual sickness ones. Ann could see a flow of tears leaving the kid’s eyes.

Surprised and worried, she turned to Ibrahim and put a hand on his shoulder.

« What’s going on, kid ? » she asked, worried.

The teen only shook his head furiously, tears still leaving his tired eyes.

« It’s normal to get sick when you drink too much, you know ? It’s not a big deal. » she said softly. « Is it why you cry ? Because you were sick ? » she asked, perplex.

He hit the floor with his hand in response and continued to shake his head with visible anger.

« Was it a bad dream ? » she asked.

He shook his head again.

She would have never imagine seeing Ibrahim sob like he was right now. He was so pudique.

And now he was crying like a baby in front of his english teacher. For what ? For being sick ? For being drunk ? For a bad grade ? Why ?

Realizing that she would have no answer from the boy tonight, she rose to take a wet towel and calmed down this teary face and this sweaty back. But at the second she was back on her feet she saw Ibrahim cover himself, his head in his hands, sobs multiplying. She fixed the teen’s face, her eyebrows frowning with incomprehension. What was going on ?

And then, it hit her. She suddenly understood why the kid was hiding his face. She understood why; because she was seeing him from above.

From above, she could notice that the sweat marks on his back were extending to his calves. But it wasn’t sweat, was it ? It looked like the mark of an accident. Did Ibrahim wet his pants ? She just couldn’t believe it.

« Did… Did you wet the bed, Ibrahim ? » she asked, embarrassed and perplex.

She saw the kid’s cheeks suddenly blushing. Ann didn’t need a clearer answer. It was obvious that the kid had wet his bed that night. She didn’t wait longer before kneeling back in front of him, instantly forgetting about her teacher’s status, the proper distance between a teacher and her students and forgetting her own difficulty to touch anybody. She put softly her hands around Ibrahim’s face et forced him to lower his head.

« Look at me, Ibrahim. It’s alright. It was an accident. It happens when you drink too much to have an accident and wet the bed. » she said gently.

Ibrahim couldn’t look at his teacher. He wished, at that moment, that he had never came to her. He wished he could bury himself in the ground right now.

« Look at me, darling. It’s over. » she kept saying softer when she noticed the sobs getting deeper.

She understood that words wouldn’t be enough this time. She opened her arms. She never would have done that before, but at this moment she couldn’t bare to look at this suffering kid any longer.

« Come here, darling. » she said.

Despite a first obvious reluctance, Ibrahim let him fall into Mrs Bardin arms easily. Despite his own personal rule to not let anyone see any sign of weakness in him, he forgot everything. He needed to let go.

After a moment of reassuring silence, Ibrahim felt a little better and got out of the embrace.

« I’m sorry, Mrs Bardin. I didn’t want to soil your sheets and clothes. I didn’t mean to wet the bed. I’ll clean this up and we’ll forget about it all. » he said firmly as getting up.

« Yes, I forgive you, Ibrahim. Because there is nothing to forgive. But no, you won’t clean anything at all. And no, we won’t forget about what happened. Because in all this there’s a hurt teenager. » she replied more firmly. « I know you don’t like it but that’s the way it is, you’re a kid and I’m an adult. So, you’re gonna get into the shower while I’m getting some fresh clothes for you and prepare the bed in the other room. Agreed ? » she continued while designating the bath tub.

Ibrahim didn’t say anything but decided that it was better than talking right now. She got back to her bedroom and got a grey t shirt and a new jogger.

After preparing the bed in the other guest room, she got back to the bathroom and waited in front of the door to hear the shower going off. After a few seconds, she knocked at the door and reached to him the clothes without looking inside.

« I’ll wait for you outside. » she said.

Ibrahim knew there was no point fighting against Mrs Bardin, she would be stronger anyway. He would have wanted to say that he could go to sleep on his own but she would prove him wrong and would won in the end.

He got out of the bathroom, ashamed.

« I didn’t know where to put the wet clothes… I just left them in the tub. » he said, embarrassed.

« You did well. I’ll put them in the washing machine, don’t worry. » she said, reassuring. « It’s on the second floor, second door on your left. » she indicated before following him in the stairs.

Just like before, she tucked him into bed. But this time, Ibrahim was well awoke. Reddening, he couldn’t look at his teacher’s face.

« Will you be okay in this room ? » she asked.

« Yes, it’s fine. Thank you. » he replied in a whisper.

« If you need anything, I’m just downstairs, okay ? »

« I won’t be needing anything. But okay. » he said, evasive.

« You don’t feel sick anymore ? Do you need a bucket, just in case ? » she asked, worried.

« No, I’ll be fine, the nausea is over now. I’m sorry, by the way… » he said.

« Don’t apologize, Ibrahim. I’m sorry for you. But, in the end, it’s a fair punishment. » she said. « Okay… I have to tell you, even if you won’t like it, that if you have another accident and wet the bed before you get up in the morning, you should not freak out. You had a lot to drink tonight and you are very tired, it would be a normal reaction. So if you wake up with your pants wet, I don’t want you to feel bad, okay ? » she continued.

« I… Er… It won’t happen again, madam. » he replied, turning over in his bed.

« Okay, kid. But even if it happens, it’s no big deal. » she insisted. « Good night, my dear. » she whispered while getting up.

Before she closed the door behind her she heard a soft « Thank you, Mrs Bardin ».

The morning after, Ann woke Ibrahim up in a dry bed. She sat down on the bed, next to the boy’s head, and softly shook his shoulder.

« Ibrahim, it’s time to wake up. » she whispered.

As though she expected him to stand up quickly and deny everything that happened last night, she saw him bury his head in her lap and heard him mutter « Just a little more time, please ». Not believing what was happening, Ann’s breath stopped for a few seconds. Ibrahim just placed his head on her lap as if he was a little kid. She hesitated to shake him stronger. But as she looked intensely at her student’s face she realized that he looked perfectly serene. It was the first time she had seen this look on his face. She decided that she couldn’t take that peace from him just now.

A bit embarrassed, she put her hand in Ibrahim’s hair and pet his back repetitively with the other. Strangely, she felt that these simple moves were calming her as well. But after a minute or so, she noticed Ibrahim’s eyes opening wider and wider until he stepped back quickly in his bed.

« Sorry ! I don’t know what took me… I shouldn’t have done that. I didn’t realize, I was half asleep. It was totally inappropriate, pardon me. » he said frenetically.

« Calm down, Ibrahim. When we look back at the events from the night before, a hug is the least that could have happened. So, relax, everything is fine. » she said, reassuring. « Do you feel better this morning ? » she asked, trying to ease the discomforting atmosphere.

« I’m fine, thank you. I don’t really remember what happened last night but I’m sure it’s for the best. » he lied, hoping that he could just forget what happened.

« I’ll be there to make you remember, don’t worry. » she said, understanding easily that the boy was trying to forget. He blushed and lowered his head. « But nothing that happened last night will change my look on you, Ibrahim. I don’t value you less than yesterday, okay ? No matter your grades, your drinking, your sickness, your crying or your wetting, I won’t appreciate you less. » she said.

The boy couldn’t answer, feeling tears coming up in his eyes.

« Mmh. » he murmured.

« Your clothes are in the bathroom and the breakfast is downstairs. I’ll wait for you in the kitchen. » she said before getting out of the room.

Until Ibrahim joined her in the kitchen, Ann thought about the situation. She couldn’t accept to let this go as if nothing never happened. Now that she had seen the boy in pain, she just couldn’t turn back to being just his teacher and ignore his evident need of attention and care. She knew his own personal situation : supporting parents that couldn’t get a job in the country, being the only reference point and hope of the family, having to confront everyone’s expectations… But she couldn’t just tell him to stay here whenever he felt like it. Ibrahim, as proud as he was, would never accept such a proposal. But, in the other hand, she knew, as proud as she was, that she wouldn’t accept to do nothing either.

As she was pouring a glass of orange juice and giving it to Ibrahim, it hit her. She found a way for Ibrahim to accept.

She sat down in front of the silent boy and looked at him seriously.

« I thought about something this morning. I know you have your basketball practice every Wednesday night here. And we finish school at 2 o’clock on that day. What would you think about english lessons at my house every Wednesday before your practice ? That way you can progress on your english and prepare for the CGSE’s exam. » she asked, as lightly as she could.

There was a moment of deep silence. He was looking at her with perplexity. She knew at his look that he understood clearly that this proposition had very little to do with his grades. But then, in a second, his look changed and she could notice some relief in his eyes. He quickly lowered his head with indifference and said « If you think that it could help me progress, then yes. ».

« Then it’s a done deal. » she said, smiling.

« Okay. » he said, not looking at her.

They didn’t talk about last night that morning and went to school as if nothing ever happened. But in English class that morning, she noticed her smile was different. As if he was finally allowed to smile without any fear to let go. And his eyes… He turned his eyes to her during class that morning with a look that seemed to say « thank you ».

Until the end of high school, Ibrahim had never forgot his weekly afternoon with Mrs Bardin. Afternoon that sometimes lasted through the morning after. And, as though he never admitted why, he always wet the bed when he was sleeping over at her house. And, as though he would never admit why that also, he always felt very happy when he could see Mrs Bardin’s face looking at him with love through his shameful tears. She and him never talked about his Wednesday’s accidents as an issue. Ibrahim didn’t understand how his teacher could allow such a mess, but in the end they went along with this habit as if it was a normal routine.

He received the congratulations from the principal for his CGSE’s results at the end of the year and finally chose a university that was located in Mrs Bardin’s city. Why ? His pride wouldn’t let him say but his Wednesday’s afternoons and nights talked for him.

