Too Much Ice Cream

Author: ValtheCurious

*000*2023-05-12 23:45

Jenny had just gotten out of college for the day. Her body was swaying a bit more than normal as she walked, the waistband of her skirt digging into her bladder. Her eyes fixed on the bathroom, she strode in that direction, before a familiar voice called out to her.

"Jen! Want to go get some ice cream with us?" Called Tessa, her best friend since high school. Turning around, with as best of a smile as she could muster, she looked at what 'us' entailed. Tess and her shitty boyfriend, Zach, along with Rose, a new friend who looked nervous.

"Oh, of course! Thanks!"

She decided to hold it, since her schedule aligning with theirs was a rare occasion.

Fast forward to the ice cream shop, Jenny's bladder was making its situation very well known. The bumpy car ride there had done her no favors, but she forced a smile and ate a sundae with her friends. Soon she was gossiping with them, talking about her day and began to laugh at a joke, when she quickly pressed her lips together, trying to hide the shock on her face when a small leak escaped her body. She felt the warmth on her panties.

Tess and Zach were busy looking at each other. Rose tilted her head and asked quietly, "Are you okay?"

"I-I'm fine! Just remembered that I have to go to an appointment!" She lied, crossing her legs and keeping the flow at bay. Rose blinks a couple times, trying to remember something. "Oh! I should get home, I have to water my plants!"

Just the thought of water made Jenny squeeze her legs tighter, before standing, a bit shakily, but thankfully not noticed by the others, as Rose went to her car. Jenny went to her car as well, sitting in the driver's seat, pulling up the waist of her skirt so it wasn't directly on her bladder. Taking a deep breath, she started her car.

The drive home was a short, but even worse drive than to the shop. She lived down an old gravel road, and she had one hand buried in her crotch as she tried to focus on driving. Turning into the driveway, she quickly took her keys and got out, slamming the car door shut behind her as she ran to her front door, fumbling with her keys with one hand as she began to leak once again, this time a stronger spurt forced its way through her fingers, the pitter-patter of a few drops hitting the pavement making her lean on the door.

She stumbled through the door as she didn't even bother to shut it behind her, her body betraying her as she fell to her knees in the hallway, unable to walk anymore as she felt the warmth spread from her panties, to her skirt, to the floor underneath her.

