The First Day (of School)

Author: Vaporbender

*000*2011-05-01 19:58

This is my first attempt at male omorashi, using a character somewhat based off myself. He's very tall, taller than most people at the school. Although he has a very strong bladder, he is known to over-drink, and eat spicy food often.

The first day of school. A day where first impressions dominate everything else, where nervousness accompanies wander and the inability to find a restroom. This ran through my head as I shuffled through my closet, only to find a single outfit that wasn't dirty. It was an outfit that I wore for special occasions, a light-green formal button up shirt and khaki dress pants. I had honestly wanted to wear plain, simple clothes so I wouldn't stand out too much, but figured I'd take what I could get. As soon as I managed to, after struggling for a minute, button my dress pants, I felt as though I was being constricted.

Loads of pressure was being applied to the entire bottom of my body. I figured it'd be better than wearing dirty pants, though, tucked in my shirt and then went on to eating breakfast. I had some very spicy scrambled eggs for breakfast, which lead to drinking two full cups of water. I was going to stop and use the bathroom, however my mother told me, in a somewhat worried voice, "There's no time!". I took her warning and went to the car, only to find that the air conditioning wasn't working. By the time I got to school, I had drank an entire bottle of water to keep hydrated.

First period. A complete bore. Procedures and regulations assaulted my ears as I looked forward blankly. Some time into the period, I exchanged glances of a girl who, by chance, was dressed similarly to me, only with a lavender, formal button up shirt, knee-length, a formal khaki skirt and light-green stockings instead of pants. "What an odd coincidence" I thought to myself as I re-zoned out. A tiny, nearly unnoticeable urge hit me, but I shrugged it off as I began walking to second period. My throat I spent about a minute drinking from the water fountain, then rushed to my next period. As I got seated, I noticed I was in for yet another "basics" period, and began to daydream about being back home, having some actual fun. The water was starting to catch up to me, but I enjoyed the feeling and continued on and let it grow. Midway through class, I sneaked a peanut butter cup into my mouth for some fuel, and despite the jolt of energy, it brought a desire for more water.

That desire was satisfied later, in-between third and fourth period. I wasn't looking where I was going, and I accidentally bumped into the girl that I saw in first period. "Very sorry about that." I said. "Not a problem." she said, smiling. I then got my two minute fill at the drinking fountain, before heading to fourth period. By now, I was at the point where I should have looked for a bathroom, but I enjoyed the feeling so much that I just proceeded to my fourth period.

Like those before it, it was a complete bore, only this time I had the bliss of my ever-filling bladder to distract me. To my surprise, lunch was especially early. I filled up on a full bottle of water, and looked for a nice, quiet place to sit. Being as tired as I was, I drifted off, almost falling asleep. I don't remember how long that I was nearly catching Z's, but when the bell rang, I was spooked. Startled to the point that a little bit of pee escaped my bladder and got into my undergarments. Shortly after that, I realized then that I was nearing my breaking point, and the tightness of my pants wasn't helping, either.

Realizing that using the bathroom would mean I would be late for my next period, I went onto 5th period, confident that the teacher would let me use the bathroom. When I got in, I scanned over the seating chart to find that I was seated next to the girl I saw earlier. She was squirming, holding onto her girlhood for dear life. Just seeing that made my own urge even worse. I sat down, and whispered to her "I'm guessing the teacher has a strict bathroom policy?" whilst trying to get my mind off the now overbearing urge.

"Yep. I've been holding it ever since I got to school! I don't know how much longer I can take it!" she said. "I've got some serious sympathy for you. I feel the same exact way." I replied. The teacher noticed us talking, and sharply replied "I don't tolerate any talking in my class. One more outburst like that and I'll have you both suspended!". That got both of us quiet, save for the noise we were making squirming. "First, let's get this straight. Nobody, under any circumstance, will EVER use the bathroom in my class!" he said, obviously eying me and my desperate classmate. "You can easily go BEFORE you come in here, got it?!" he bellowed. The class as a whole began to say "Yes, sir.", but he cut them off, yelling "NO TALKING!!!". I realized now that I was probably in the closest thing to a living hell that could possibly be in school.

My lunchtime drink caught up to me, and I began to clench, holding onto my manhood for dear life. The worst part? It was only 15 minutes into class. The teacher then told me and my desperate neighbor to get up and recite everything he just said, word for word. We obeyed, but we were both so desperate that we couldn't remember what he even said in the first place.

"I know the perfect punishment for students such as you." he said, maliciously grinning while reaching into his cabinet. He brought out an absolute nightmare, the feather. Each slow step he took toward us was one less moment we would be dry. He, with one hand each, pulled down our short-sleeves and began to work the insidious magic of the feather on our armpits. Both of us began laughing so hard that we lost control. All we could do is stand there, as I began soaking my pants and a puddle began to form under her. It must have been two minutes, in which time the teacher was laughing like a maniac, that the flood just kept coming.

By the time I was done, plenty over half my pants were soaked and she, with wet stockings and skirt, was standing in a yellow puddle twice the size of the bulky desks which adorned the class. The rest of the class was in absolute shock from the teachers cruelty. They were too intimidated to laugh or make a vain attempt to scold the teacher. I just stood there, she ran at full speed out of the room, crying up a flood of the salty kind. I, in a possibly foolish decision, ran after her. I was able to catch up to her, and when I did, she, being confused about what to do next, opened her arms to hug her fellow humiliated classmate. I accepted her offer, and we sat there hugging until a hall monitor came, taking pity on us and rather than writing us up, walked us to the nurses office. I was sure that, despite what had happened, that I may have just made a lifelong friend.

*001*2011-05-02 01:13

So I wouldn't make the story any bulkier... I'll add something I forgot to say in another post.

If you see any errors, areas that could do with more detail, and stuff of that nature, tell me! I'll look at it and (hopefully) make the change needed.

