Stardew Valley, where's the toilet

Author: vfbbf

*000*2017-10-29 03:30

Jenny had been in the bus for hours now, waiting for her stop to come. She had been given a family farm from her grandparent and decided to start a new farm life, there were so many thoughts on her head "what will the people be like" and "can she acctually be a farmer" but the main one was "why did i have an extra coffee" she had several coffees through out the day and they were catching up to her. "No worries, i have an iron bladder!" So she sat in the bus, crosslegged and waiting. A whole hour later the bus finally arrived! She was greeted by two people. The girl identified herself as "Robin" the yowns carpenter, and the other called himself "Lewis" the towns mayor. They both showed her around his grandparents cottage. "Wow this place is tiny, and overgrown"

"ya very rustic." Robin and Lewis seemed to argue a bit over the house but they bidded goodbye meanwhile Her bladder sent another signal it needed to be emptied. "Oh yay its my coffee again, but first i have to get rid of all these stones and trees and bushes" she set out to get rid if it all before the next day. By 8pm she was exhausted and went to bed, not bothering much to check the insides of her house... Or if it was even big enough to have a toilet.

Comments and suggestions on how to make this better ate appreciated

$

*003*2017-10-29 11:34

Thanks for the comments, i will release part 2 soon

*004*2017-11-01 00:23

Part 2

Jenny woke up, bladder throbbing, "Jesus is this everthing i had to drink!" She was gonna use the toilet, but she looked around, there was inly one room in the house, no kitchen, and not toilet, and Jenny coudn't possibly last a whole day without a morning pee. "Well the shops open at 9:00 and its 6:03 now, i can last 3 hours right!" She also noticed a package near the door. "Whats this" inside were a few parsnip seeds. "Yes i can have somting to do, hopefylly distract me while i wait" her dad said to start a farm you needed to hoe the land, and she did. Having to grip the hie with two hands made made ot take a while, by the end she had to have a hand shoved in her crotch. "O-ok next i need to plant the se-seeds" all the while her bladder sent waves if urgency that demanded relief. "Ok now tha-" her bladder sent an esppecially painfull wave, shovimg both hands to her crotch.

"Ok now i have to watwr them" the mere mention of water caused her bladder to squirm. The water can was full as she had done the other day, the sway in the can caused her to squirm and move even more. She started watering the plants when, her bladder coudn't stand the flowing water and jenny saw a wet patch on her jeans.

"Oh what time is it! 7:00 how am i goimg to make it!" Another spurt, then another. She reagined control, so she watered the plants with thighs pressed together and one hand completely in her crotch. She thought about doing something else to pass the time, chopping trees was a no go as she would have to grip the axe with one hand, and breaking rocks needed two hands aswell, and cutting grass requires a jostle which she coudn't afford right now. "Might aswell just sit in my bed" as she went in bed she squirmed and fidgeted,she had hwr second hand on her crotch aswell now, she checked the time, 7:50. "Maybe i should sleep until 9:00" she lay awake in bed for 20 minutes before she finally fell alseep.

11:20. Jenny woke up with unbearable pain in her abdomen, 11/10. "I need to pee NOW" she coudn't even move or else she would pee herself, she knew it was inevitable, one spurt, then another, then ine more, then she released, an entire days worth of pee went over her mattress, carpet, and floor. She just lay there helpless for 2 minutes. She sobbed for 20 minutes...but she kinda liked it.

Thanks for the support, and i cant beluve the legemdary omo commando commented, as always please suggest changes, or even scenarios Jenny has to go through!

