Izumi, a Japanese girl in France, who loves omorashi!

Author: vikka

*000*2012-09-02 00:44

Izumi was on her way home from school. She was dressed in her school uniform; a pleated grey skirt, a white blouse and a blue jacket. She was a Japanese girl. Her parents had moved to France, where she was born. Her parents died in a traffic accident, when Izumi was five years old, and she was then adopted by a French couple, who hadn't any children of their own. Now she was fourteen years old, a very cute little girl.

It was a rather long way home, but Izumi mostly preferred walking to going by bus. There was so much to look at and fantasize about on the way. She was a very imaginative girl and indulged herself in long daydreams. Especially she used to concoct long and detailed stories about herself as a girl, living in Japan. She'd never been in Japan but she read a lot of it, and had decided, that one day she would go there.

On her way home she crossed a large park. It was a part of her way, which she liked very much. It was such a beautiful park with big trees and flowers of all colours. But especially she liked the many statues in the park. She fantasized about them getting alive and participate in her daydreams, doing all sorts of remarkable things!

On her way she felt an increasing need to pee. But it was a feeling that didn't bother her. Actually she kind of loved that feeling. She was a real computer geek, and used to browse the internet a lot. And since she this last year had got in to her puberty, she'd become curious about the sex sites, which she now and then stumbled over on the net. And by a chance she'd come across something called "omorashi". At first she thought it to be very curious. How come it would be such a wonderful experience, as they alleged, to wet oneself? But she was curious about it, as omorashi was a Japanese term, and as it obviously seemed to be something, that many Japanese loved. It seemed almost to be some sort of a life style for many. When she read about omorashi, she began to become more and more excited, and even more so when she viewed pictures and videos. She also noticed, that omorashi seemed to be rather common among lesbians. She had herself been certain, that she was lesbian years ago.

Anyway, she got convinced, that she should give omorashi a chance! So, one evening after dark she sneaked out. She'd prepared herself by drinking a lot of coca cola and she felt an increasing desperation coming on. She'd planned to go to a small park near her home. But she didn't come so far. Immediately as she'd left the house, she had to stop and put a hand against her crotch and press. She crossed her legs. A man and a woman came towards her. She gave them a troubled smile, when they passed, looking at her. Then she tried to walk a couple of steps. Well, she shouldn't... At once she felt a spurt of pee hit her panties! And then a few moments of dribbling... An other spurt, more forceful this time. So strong that it splashed down under her skirt between her legs, which she by now had opened. Then a steady stream began, which never seemed to cease. A young woman passed her from behind and then stopped, turned around and looked at her for a moment before she went on.

Izumi felt both very aroused and very happy! She'd never felt something so wonderfully! When she was finished, she went back home and straight in to the bathroom, sat down on the toilet seat and began at once to stroke her pussy upon her wet, still dripping panties. It was less than a minute until she got the sweetest orgasm ever! And she didn't stop caressing her pussy. She came over and over again! Eventually she became aware of knocks at the door and her adoptive mother's voice:

"Izumi! Are you ill?"

More or less breathless, she answered, that she was alright.

Now back to Izumi's walk home from school. As she walked through the park, she got more and more desperate. It was starting to hurt, and when she saw a park bench, she went there and sat down. She tried to press a hand under her waistband to reach her pussy, but her abdomen was so swollen from her over-filled bladder, that she had to unbutton her skirt first. She put her hand against her pussy and began to rub in circular movements. It eased her pain a little. She continued. She felt her panties moisten. It was beginning to feel good now! She panted more and more heavily and some occasional moans slipped through between her lips.

The world around her faded away. She wasn't aware of, that a well dressed woman, maybe about twentyfive years old, had sat down beside her. And when the woman placed a hand on one of her thighs and stroke upwards, she felt it, but in her dizzy mind it only felt natural. Very nice and natural. The two hands began to co-work in the - for Izumi - most wonderful and exciting way! Izumi was petting her engorged and stiff clit and the woman concentrated to push Izumis panties in between her labias with two of her fingers.

Suddenly Izumi raised her hips high up! She moaned and groaned and her hips rocked to and fro, when an earth-quaking orgasm hit her! And an other! Which also opened the sluices, forcing her pee to launch, drenching her panties completely! The small Japanese girl's body shook and writhed. Suddenly she became aware of the woman and threw herself over her, kissing her passionately! Izumi was in a state of ecstasy, she pulled up the woman's skirt with a violent movement and, before the woman had time to react, Izumi vehemently caressed her pussy!

At that moment the woman discovered people coming in their direction. Reluctantly she moved away Izumi's fondling hand and pulled down both their skirts. She gripped Izumis shoulders and shook her gently until she began to come to her senses. The woman stood up.

"You're a sweet girl", she whispered and kissed Izumi on her forehead. "I'll never forget you!" And then she went away.

Izumi continued her way home on shaky legs, her panties still dripping.

*003*2012-09-02 20:24

{{: 

I was sold just on the title of this story! Is this gonna have sequels or branched stories maybe having the same characters? (hopefully!)

}}

Thankyou, thankyou, thankyou for being so nice and positive, Spector and Proxy11 :) :)

Proxy11, Izumi is my Japanese alter ego! She is me in my realm of the imagination! She's always in my fantasies... Some day, she and I will go together to Japan, and there I'll become her for real! And, yes, I hope to write more about her :)

*007*2012-09-11 17:53

{{: 

TOO MANY COMMAS!!!! AHHHHH!!!!

}}

Did you count them?

*009*2012-09-11 22:18

{{: 

Oh my god! another person with an alter ego! Yes!

}}

And who's the person besides me?

*012*2012-09-13 01:44

{{: 

Wonderful story, and what a good idea to place it in France (I'm french, and we miss girls like you in here).

}}

Thankyou so much for your praise! To place it in France was only natural, because I was born there and lived my first twelve years there. Then we moved to Sweden, my parents and I.

