A Wet Sleepover (1/2 done)

Author: Vaporbender

*000*2011-04-11 22:24

Warning! Contains a poop desperation scene.

Hi, Milly Bays here with a revolutionary product! “Every time he gets on TV, he claims that putty, pressers and all these unoriginal ideas are original.”, Marie said. “Quiet down, maybe this time it’s actually worth my somewhat hard-earned money!”, Ashley responded. Milly Bays began to start talking again. The anti-wetting sack is guaranteed to prevent bedwetting. For just two easy payments of $9.99, you too could stop yourself from ever having to wash wet bedsheets again! Just dump, wash, and it’s ready to go another night! But hold everything, call right now and I’ll double the order, and send two anti-wetting sacks for the same price as one! So don’t wait! Call ** for more information!

Marie, being a regular bedwetter, leaned closer and close to the TV, mesmerized and enticed by the idea of being able to stay dry in the night. She leaned so close that she fell off the couch, facefirst onto the multi-colored, ornate rug which decorated the dark wood floor. “Umm, a little help here?”, Marie asked. Ashley, however, was infuriated by the commercial. In her head, she was in deep thought. “I’ll never be able to get away with wetting the bed for pleasure again! Wait, what if I could prove this product faulty?”.

“Umm.. Marie, do you mind if I chip in $9.99 and get the second one? I want to see how it works.”, Ashley asked. “Yeah, if you help me get up…”, Marie responded.

About a week later, the two anti-wetting sacks arrived in Marie’s mail. As soon as Marie opened her mail and saw the sacks, she pulled out her red, glittery cell phone and texted Ashley to come over for a sleepover. Around 5:00 P.M., Ashley gets to Marie’s house. Upon ringing the doorbell, she gets greeted by an ecstatic Marie. “Oh my gosh! You made it!”, Marie said cheerfully. “Well of course I would, I’ve just got to see this product! Plus, I heard Alex and Claire won’t be able to come, so I figured I’d come so you could still have this sleepover”, Ashley replied. “Aww, that’s so considerate of you!”, Marie said, clearly touched by her friends kindness.

Warning! Poop desperation begins here.

As Ashley came in, she started to feel an overwhelming urge to use the toilet, for No. 2. Her absolute overload of nacho-cheese drenched beans and mouth-burningly spicy burritos finally caught up to her. “Perfect, it’s all going according to plan.”, Ashley whispered to herself. As she stepped in, she let out a small but stinky toot with every step she took. “Umm, Ashley, are you okay?”, Marie asked in a concerned voice. Squeezing her slightly above-average sized rear, she replied “Y-y-ye-yes.”.

“I can tell you’re not okay Ashley, I’m getting you to the bathroom.”, Marie said. Letting one rip, Ashley replied “You know, that does sound good when I think about it.”. In reality, she was trying to stall until everything caught up to her, so she could deactivate the only bathroom in Marie’s house. Ashley, clenching her behind together to keep it all in, slowly but steadily was guided by Marie to the bathroom. “Here’s th- *Slam!*”. Ashley had cut off Marie, and was making her way to the toilet. It was almost impossible to hold it in, however she, with each struggle of a step, managed to.

Marie heard a whimper, thinking that Ashley didn’t make it. In reality, it was the toilet, bracing itself for total annihilation. The very ground rumbled, soap bars falling onto the ground, the lights in the bathroom flickering on and off. Outside, Marie thought there was an earthquake, panicking and crying. Ashley had gathered so much energy that she began glowing. Once she unleashed the energy, there was a near-blinding flash in the bathroom, followed by a blast so powerful that it sent out a shockwave which shattered all the glass in the bathroom and knocked Marie down. An odor that could make anything, save for its creator, pass out began to fill the bathroom. The blast was so powerful that it launched Ashley upwards, nearly causing her head to hit the ceiling. It was a long hour of cleaning up most of the mess, save for the toilet of course. As she came out, she said "Umm, Marie? The toilet is broke.".

Poop desperation ends here.

I'm going to add more to it, but I figured I'd post what I have and see if anyone liked it so far. The second half is going to be good ol' omorashi.

