The mansard room

Author: Valandrea

*000*2017-12-28 02:11

Hello everyone, here's a one shot story (that might be continued, depending on your interest in it, my motivation, and mostly time...) that I hope you will like ! A story between a teacher and a student, again (yes, it is my passion !). Let me know if you want this to continue (I have a following part in mind but I'm not sure it's needed). Enjoy !

The mansard room

As she looked around her office one last time to check that everything was back in order, Miss Rivers congratulated herself for making this small room such a warmfull place to discuss and study. Added to the ordinary teacher’s desk and chair, there was a large and colourfull carpet, a confortable sofa, two old and patched armchairs and a pile of cushions around a small low table ; on the walls there were two large bookshelves – filled to the brim – and a multitude of pictures, photographs and poems were sticked all around the room. There was a small closet and an only little window. The place was quite dark because of the masard ceiling and the lack of windows but Miss Rivers added a few coloured lamps to make the room welcoming and warm.

Unlike her colleagues who prefered to use their personal office as a private place to grade their students’ papers and prepare their lectures qietly, the young teacher chose to share this room with her students so that they could continue to study in a more relaxed atmosphere. She was an english teacher and was teaching a CGSE’s students this year. Her office was mostly dedicated to them because of their important final exam. But this place was also always open for students who needed to talk.

She was not a nurse, and made that very clear to her students at the beginning of the year, but she experienced herself some dark moments when she was in school and she never found someone who talk to back then. The funny thing is that she absolutely hated school when she was a student. But she actually discovered the desire to teach when she was experimenting difficulties as a student. Miss Rivers always told herself that if she was not okay with a situation then she would have to try to change it. That’s how she became a teacher, that and her love for literature. Books saved her life and she was absolutely certain that they could save a lot of lost students like she was.

As she locked her office’s door, she thought about how she was considered around the school. She arrived two years ago in Harvis school in Porthsmouth and from the very beginning she shooked things up around the place. She was quite unconventional but if it bothered her colleagues at first she was soon respected by her pairs for her resluts with the students. She had an original way to teach, mostly based on discussions, debates and role plays, but she was a very hard worker and everybody could see it. Her students generally loved her because she was very dedicated to them. She didn’t only deeply wanted them to success in school (and tried her best to make them be better everyday) she also wanted, enven deeplier, them to be happy in their life. Her success came from three attributes : to be always optimistic, demanding and strict.

As she drove back to her house, she thought about the day. Everything went well, her students worked intensely and she was respecting her schedule : the study of The King Lear was almost finished and they soon would start the reading of Jane Eyre. But she noticed something a bit unusual that day. Victor, one of her CGSE’s students, was working at her office after class with a few students and, as she was grading papers, she noticed that he still looked very lost. He was a transferred student who moved in Porthsmouth two months after the beginning of school, a few weeks earlier. Miss Rivers never had a chance to have a long talk with him and didn’t feel it was necessary until today. He was a serious student and had generally good grades. Until now she thought it was absolutely normal to feel a bit lost in this new town and new school. But students of the class welcomed him very well and he seemed to have made some friends already. However, today he looked distraught.

She wanted to talk to him about it tonight but she had to leave the office with some students to sign a paper in the headmaster’s office and when she came back, he was already gone. The weird thing was that Victor seemed to have been waiting for her, letting his friends go back to their home while he was still sitting on the sofa. Miss Rivers was a bit worried. He apparently wanted to talk to her about something and finally decided to run away from her… She felt a pinch of guilt in her stomach. She felt that she had neglected the boy, stressing him about the months he had lost and that he had to catch up rather than seriously asking him how he was feeling. As she arrived home, she promised herself to have a private chat with Victor after class the day after.

She woke up very early the morning after. As usual, she forgot some papers she promised herself she would grade for today’s class. She was used to go to school a few hours in advance, she loved to look at the sun rise up from her little window’s office.

When she arrived at school, she enjoyed the silence floating along the empty corridors and regain happily the third and last floor of the building, where her small office was situated. She looked for her keys into her handbag and opened the door. As she turned on the yellow lamp on her desk, she startled as she noticed a large form on the sofa, hidden under a blanket (a blanket she kept in the closet for cold evenings). She tried to calm her heartbeats while stepping slowly to the sofa and almost stratled again as she recognized her student Victor’s hair and forehead. Neither the sound of the door opening nor the light on seemed to have waken him up. She frowned and stopped her instinctive hand from wakening the boy.

How did he ended up here ? How could she had not noticed her presence after locking up last night ? Why didn’t he say he was still in the room ? Did he tell his parents he wasn’t going home ?

She could not stop the flow of questions. This was the first time something like this ever happened to her. What should she do ?

Realizing that his family could be sickly worried by now, she stopped thinking and decided to act quickly. With deep precaution, she kneeled next to the sofa and put a gentle hand on the boy’s shoulder.

« Victor ? » she asked softly. « Victor ? You have to wake up. »

The boy frowned but didn’t open his eyes.

She shook gently his shoulder and repeated her request.

The young boy opened his eyes and Miss Rivers could notice a glow of panick in his gaze as he looked at her. He quickly closed his eyes firmly and moaned with distress.

« Victor, look at me. What are you doing here ? » she asked with incomprehension.

Victor didn’t answer. It seemed to Miss Rivers that he simply couldn’t talk. And before she could insist, she saw her student hide his face behind his hands. He was bursting into tears, violent sobs shaking him up.

« It’s all right, Victor. I’m not mad at you. Calm down, dear. » she said, trying to make the kid stop crying.

She was completely unarmed facing this15 years’ old boy crying like a little child. She faced a lot of tears since she started teaching but she never exeperienced this kind of cry. It was far from the usual break up sorrow or the usual fight between friends’ tears. No, this one was deep and juvenile. And she didn’t know how to deal with this.

« Victor, you have to calm down, everything is fine. I promise. » she insisted.

But it didn’t work. The boy was still crying, his face red and wet from the tears.

As she was going to give up and stand up to call his parents, he grabbed the hand she had layed down on his shoulder. She suddenly understood that, for the first time in her life, words would not be enough to help or save her student.

« Come here, my dear. I’m not going anywhere. » she said as she sat on the sofa and opened her arms.

The boy let himself completely go into his teacher’s arms, but as soon as Miss Rivers hands touched his back, Victor fell back onto the sofa, hidding his face in his hands.

It took a second to Miss Rivers to understand the sudden change in the boy’s attitude. She looked at her fingers with incomprehension as she noticed they were wet.

The boy had peed himself.

As he went to school this morning, Victor had decided he would not go back to his house, never. His dad had made the decision to come to Porthsmouth, Victor didn’t say anything, agreeing to do anything that could make his dad normal again. Despite the difficulty to leave his friends, his school and his house, he was willing to help his family to become a normal one. He was working hard at school to catch up from his late arrival, he was making new friends and was always smiling at home even when there was absolutely no reason to. As usual, he was okay to be the pillar of the family. But now, his dad went too far…

He found his father in the basement drinking whiskey again, last night. He promised Victor he would stop. The teen was not okay to be the only one doing effort. He felt like his dad was giving up on him, again.

So Victor made up his mind as he went to school this morning. He would drop off school to work and become independent. He had no need for an alcoholic father and made very clear these past six years that he was absolutely able to take care of his own.

To make sure that nobody would have a clue about his plans of leaving school and his house, he acted normal all day. He worked seriously, ate at the cafeteria for lunch and even laughed with some friends. But he made a mistake by letting his friends convince him to come and work at Miss Rivers office after school…

Miss Rivers was the only teacher he ever really liked. She was the only one who gave him the impression that she really looked at him, not only as a student but as a person. He never had been to Miss Rivers office and knew it was his last chance to experience the warm little office that evening.

When he entered the room he felt a huge sensation of warmth in his stomach. The place was so welcoming, colourfull and soft. He suddenly felt his determination to leave the school melt. He followed his comrades and sat down at the sofa after greeting Miss Rivers, already installed at her desk.

The group of young people was studying quietly while the teacher was grading papers. Victor was finding very difficult to play his role of normal student. He couldn’t concentrate, his mind was filled with doubts. His friends didn’t realize his distress, he didn’t have to worry. But as he rose his head from his blank piece of paper he realized that Miss Rivers was looking directly at him. Her gaze was full of worry and compassion. After an interminable gaze, she finally smiled at him with an incredible softness. Victor could not repress his cheeks to blush a little as he lowered his head.

He had the horrible impression that she found out what he was planning to do… It seemed that nothing could be hidden from Miss Rivers, as if she was able to feel people’s emotions.

As time went by, Victor realized that he couldn’t go back to his house to look at his dad getting drunk. He just couldn’t. He would have to find a place to stay. Anywhere but with this shameless alcoholic, he said to himself.

He didn’t think about Miss Rivers’ office until the last minute. At 6 o’clock, when his friends were closing their backpacks to go home, it hit him. Why wouldn’t he stay here ? He could wait in the closet for Miss Rivers to go home and get out of the office early in the morning. No one would ever know he was here !

He closed his backpack as well but stayed in the office, telling his friends he wanting to talk to Miss Rivers in private. His friends didn’t insist and went out, accompanied by Miss Rivers who had to do administrative stuff.

Victor thought it was a perfect timing and a a unique chance. He waited to hear the voices of his friends and teacher disappear in the stairs before taking his bag and coat to go hide in the closet. It was a very small one and even with his flexible body, Victor had to fold himself.

He could feel his heart beat fast.

What if Miss Rivers opens the closet ? What if she decides to sleep here ? He asked himself. He couldn’t bare the humiliation of Miss Rivers finding him in here nor would he survive a night in this akward and painful position.

He retained his breath and tried not to make a noise as he heard Miss Rivers coming back. He could hear her preparing her satchel and putting the room back in order. After a second of silence he heard the office door closing. But then he heard a noise he didn’t expect, the sound of a key turning into a keyhole. He never expected the office could be locked. Miss Rivers repeated everyday that his office was always open… How could he have been so naive ? Of course it could be locked, it was just a figure of speech ! He bit his lips as he realized in what mess he was. He couldn’t get out. And Miss Rivers would see him in the morning. How could he have been so damn stupid ?

After a moment of self flogging, he decided to get out of his painful hiding place and went back to the room. Looking around he thought that if it was his last time in this school at least it was the best place he would have been sleeping in for years. He decided to do his homework and tried not to think about his growing anger. He finished a bottle of water that was in his bag and tried to convince himself that water was filling the stomach as much as a plate of pasta.

When he finished his homework it was 7 o’clock. He went through the bookshelves and tried to find a book to think about something else but his rumbling stomach, Moby Dick. He got a blanket out of the closet, lied down on the sofa and started to read.

The book seemed to be fascinating because Victor didn’t even feel his bladder hurting until a rather desperate point. After 72 pages, he realized that he was moving his legs nervously. He stopped reading and felt a hard pinch in his bladder. He really had to pee and didn’t even realize it. Or maybe he just ignored it because he knew there was no way out.

He looked at his watch, 8.33. His best solution was to try to fall asleep, that way he wouldn’t feel the pain and could wait until the morning after. He installed himself confortably in the sofa and went back to his reading. When he felt his eyelids fall, he turned off the light, put a hand around his crotch and let himself go through the night.

Victor was a very mature kid for his age, he knew it. He had to face so many traumas and difficulties since his mom died six years ago that he was almost an adult now. But when he woke up in sweat, his hands desperately grabbing his crotch, his heart beating fast, he didn’t feel adult at all. On the contrary, he felt like a very little child.

A rapid glance at his watch made him realize that it was only 1 o’clock. The room around him was dark and filled with silence. He sat back on the sofa and turned on the light beside him.

« Fuck ! » he said, desperate. He felt a small patch of pee on his briefs as he woke up. He couldn’t admit that he had peed his pants during his sleep. And that apparently he wouldn’t be able to hold it long.

After a moment of fidgeting on the sofa, he decided to walk around the room. He had hope that movement would calm down his urgent need. But as soon as he got up on his feet he felt a few drops coming down his penis and wetting his briefs. He moaned and squeezed his penis tighter.

He sat back on the sofa, feeling incapable to put a foot in front of the other.

He was keeping his legs crossed and both his hands were clutching his penis. Victor was still hoping that he could wait for Miss Rivers returns. He was absolutely incapable of picturing him having an accident in his pants, it was morifying.

But he could feel his legs shaking and tears coming up in his eyes. He was feeling so weak right now.

« Aaah ! » Victor cried as he felt a long spurt coming out of his penis and wetting his bum.

He could feel his briefs completely soaked and his trousers getting wet.

« Oh no ! The sofa ! I wet the sofa ! » he murmured, horrified.

He let go of one hand to touch the sofa and check the mess he had done but as soon as he got off his penis he felt a succession of spurts coming out.

Pssss. Pssss. Pssssss.

He could hear the hissing noise of his pee wetting his bum and his upper thighs. He was soaked and so was the sofa. But apparently his bladder wasn’t done yet. He tried to regain control and grabbed his penis with violence, his legs moving furiously.

He suddenly realized that he had an empty bottle of water in his bag ! If only he could stop himself from peeing in his pants and empty his bladder in the bottle, Miss Rivers would see just a little accident. At that moment, it appeared to Victor that it would be less morifying to have peed himself a little than completely. As if it would show that he was not a complete little kid but only half one...

The only problem was that in order to get his bag, he would have to let go of his crotch again… Would he managed to do it without wetting himself completely ? He asked himself with worry.

He tried to detached one hand of his crotch, finger by finger. When he arrived at the middle finger, Victor felt a long spurt telling him he could not win the war against his bladder. His trousers were now wet on half his thighs. Letting go a tear of rage he realized that he had to get his legs back into the sofa if he didn’t want to wet the carpet too… By doing so he was saying an absolute goodbye to his empty bottle and by that an absolute goodbye to his pride.

It was so humiliating to prepare himself to pee in the bed. But he had to face it, he couldn’t do anything more. Nevertheless, he couldn’t let go of his crotch. He couldn’t bare the idea of peeing himself volontarily.

He kept his legs crossed and his hands tightened as he felt spurts multiplying, longer and longer. After every spurt, Victor squizzed stronger his penis but in vain. He could not hold it any longer. He was peeing himself as a little child.

After a few minutes of fight against his need, a final long and continued spurt of pee went down his penis, his bum, his legs, his feet. During the last minute of peeing, Victor cried silently, trembling in shame.

The battle against his desperation lasted 15 minutes. 15 minutes of torture. The result was a wet teenager and a wet sofa.

Victor couldn’t believe what just happened. The morning before, he was proudly saying that he was absolutely capable of being independent and there he was, crying and trembling in his own pee. He had peed himself ! He could not believe that he acted as a little boy. He acted as if he was 9 again. He acted as if his mother would come and tell him « it’s all right »…

After a long time of crying, he finally fell asleep, forgetting where he was and what he would have to confront in the morning.

His night battle had left him so tired that he didn’t hear his teacher coming into the room at 6.30 this morning nor was he disturbed by the light on. It was only when he heard Miss Rivers’ soft voice calling his name that he realized where he was and what happened.

As soon as he met Miss Rivers gaze, he closed his eyes in shame and apprehension. It hit him, he had peed himself last night. He didn’t want her to see him like that. He couldn’t bare the shame in front of his favourite teacher.

He felt his tears coming out, sobs hurting his throat. It was the first time he felt so weak since his mum had passed away.

But when he felt Miss Rivers getting away from him, he got so afraid that she would never came back that he couldn’t refrain himself from grabbing his hand. Where was his independence, for god’s sake ? He asked himself while firmly taking his teacher’s hand.

Not only his pants were a mess, his head too. He didn’t know what he was doing. He was doing the opposite of what he wanted to. He wished to be an adult but acted like a child…

He felt himself fall desperately into his teacher’s arms. But as soon as he felt his teacher’s hands around him, he remebered his noticeable accident. Feeling absolutely mortified, he fell back into the sofa, hiding himself with his hands.

She would know now. She would know that her 15 years’old student had peed himself on her lovely sofa.

After a few seconds of silence, Victor felt arms grabbing him. Miss Rivers had grabbed him and was hugging him softly, repeating the same wonderful sentence.

« It’s all right, dear. It’s over. »

They stayed in the soft silence only interrupted by Miss Rivers’ voice, repeating the same sentence over and over until Victor’s tears dry completely.

(To be continued or not – if I have the time and motivation...)

*002*2017-12-29 17:25

{{On 28/12/2017 at 3:48 AM, Melificentfan said:

Damn that was a awesome story

}}

Thank you so much for your comment Melificentfan ! I'm very glad you liked it !

