Manon and the Magic Whistle. Part 2

Author: vikka

*000*2014-11-01 23:43

MANON AND THE MAGIC WHISTLE. Part 2.

You'll find the first part of the story here: https://omorashi.org/topic/22203-manon-and-the-magic-whistle/

In the first part I tell something about a fantasy, that I've had since I was about thirteen years old, a fantasy, that now has inspired me to write this story. I also tell about how the little French girl comes to move to Sweden, and how she comes to like wetting herself at the age of thirteen. The first part gives a background, that might be useful to read before you read the following parts

###

To begin with I must apologize for the delay to continue the story. For the last couple of months I've had a period of depression and haven't been able to write. But now I'm feeling well again and my fingers are itching to start writing.

###

So the story continues:

At Manon's fifteenth birthday, her uncle Armand, her aunt Anouk's former husband, came to visit her in the afternoon. He presented her a beautiful amber necklace, which made Manon very happy. Then he handed her an oblong box, about four inches in length.

"This is something I found in a little shop in a village in Bolivia. It's pretty old, maybe five or six hundred years, and it seems to be some kind of a shaman object."

Manon opened the box, and in it she found an ornated piece of wood. It looked very old.

"It looks like a whistle, but it doesn't produce any sound, when you blow into it. It could also be an element of some bigger object. Anyway, I thought it could be something for your collection of curious objects." He smiled. He knew, that Manon loved to collect curious and old things.

Manon got really enchanted with her uncle's gifts. She hugged him and kissed his chins.

"Thankyou, thankyou! And next time you go to South America, you must take me with you! Promise!!!"

"We'll see when you've finished school. Maybe you could become my assistant!"

The beatifully ornated wooden piece became Manon's fetish, which she always brought along in her pocket. It really looked like some kind of a whistle but it refused to produce any other sound than a common hissing from the blowing. She tried to blow in both ends but the result was the same.

One day a couple of months after her birthday, she was waiting at the bus stop for her bus. She'd just missed one bus, and it would take twenty minutes for the next one to arrive. She took her fetish out of her pocket. She liked to touch it and feel it. It gave her a sense of power. And, in an odd way, it made her wish to be naughty. Today she felt that stronger than before. Apart from her there were two women of the age of about 25 waiting for a bus. Manon giggled to herself:

"Tee-hee! I wonder what they'll say, if I started to wet my panties right now! I really need to pee!"

The thought took her by surprise. Besides from the waiting women, there were people constantly passing the bus stop. The risk for beeing caught was obvious, and that would be too embarrassing! But... it was exciting to think about it... It made her so horny! She felt a tickling in her belly.

To distract herself from her horny thoughts, she put the fetish between her lips and blew in the one end of it. When doing so, she was facing the girl standing to the left, and suddenly that girl fidgety began to step around on the spot. She crossed her legs and whispered:

"Oh, my god! I'm going to pee myself!"

She pressed her hand against her crotch, but only for a second, then she quickly parted her legs and her pee gushed between her legs and splashed down to the ground! She tried to keep her skirt away, but there were already big wet stains in front of it. The other girl looked in shock at her.

Manon was excited. Never before had she witnessed a grown-up girl wet herself! (Well, other than herself of course!) Unconsciously she put a hand on her crotch and began to rub. She was very close to have an orgasm, when her bus in the next moment arrived. Reluctantly she entered the bus. The woman was still peeing, when the bus left the stop.

For the rest of the day Manon was in a constant state of arousal. She couldn't let go the image of the girl wetting herself, where anyone could see her. Again and again she went to the toilet because she'd got so horny, that she couldn't resist to masturbate. Anouk, who'd noticed her frequent toilet visits, got worried and asked:

"Dear Manon, have you got ill? That must have been at least the fifth time in two hours, that you visited the toilet!"

"No, that's nothing wrong with me." She tried to find a plausible explanation. "I'm experimenting with cosmetics for fun!"

Anouk looked at Manon's face, which showed no signs of being subject of any experimenting with cosmetics. Surely her chins were deep red, but from blushing, not from any cosmetics... It was obvious, that the girl didn't tell the truth, but, as she seemed to be alright, Anouk didn't go any further with her questioning. Girls of her age must be allowed to keep some secrets from their aunts, she thought.

Some days later Manon went with a classmate, Malin, to spend the afternoon at her home. It was a mild, sunny day, and when they crossed a park, they noticed that trees and bushes had begun to put out buds. Malin stopped.

"I've got some pebbles in my shoe, I have to empty it."

While she did so, Manon took out her fetish from her pocket. She put it to her lips, pretending it was a flute. Faced to Malin she blew a soundless trill. The effect was dramatic! Hopping on one leg with one of her shoes in her hand, she yelled:

"Oh, no...no! I'm peeing myself!"

Manon looked wide-eyed at her. Then she looked at the fetish. Was it possible...? Could it be the fetish, that made both the woman at the bus stop and Malin to wet themselves? Her eyes went to Malin again. The poor girl had stumbled and fallen down to the lawn beside the park way. She was sitting at the grass with parted legs, and her skirt had ridden up, revealing her light-purple panties, through which her pee was gushing! She was looking in shock at the puddle of pee, that was forming between her thighs.

Looking at Malin, Manon felt the familiar tickling in her belly. Malin peed like forever, and Manon got quickly hornier and hornier! She was trembling, and her knees got so weak, that she could hardly stand up. More than anything else she wanted to pull up her skirt and rub her little mimsy! But of course she couldn't do that! Not in a public park. And as it happened, to actually touch her mimsy wasn't required in order to get a release from her horniness. Because in the next moment, she got a spontaneous orgasm, making her give away a scream! She lurched and fell down. Sitting on the grass faced to Malin she panted heavily. Malin looked at her, but she was too obsessed by her own awkward predicament to notice Manon's orgasm.

After a while they stood up. They looked at each other, embarrassed and not knowing what to say. Eventually Malin said:

"I feel so ashamed! Manon, I really don't know how it happened! Suddenly I felt this strong urge to pee myself. It was like I couldn't stop myself. I've never felt anything like it before."

"Oh, don't feel ashamed! It could happen to anyone!"

"But..." Malin hesitated, "but it was so weird. I was totally embarrassed but for a moment it kind of felt - you know - good. I can't explain it. I mean, it can't possibly be that I liked it. That would be really weird!"

Manon wanted to tell Malin about her orgasm but didn't dare to. Maybe an other time, she thought.

The two girls continued their walk to Malin's. Both in very wet panties. Malin's from her pee and Manon's from her pussy juices!

###

To be continued.

*002*2014-11-05 20:41

# peepants1300: Thankyou I really appreciate your response! Especially as it seems, that you're the only one, who has found it worth a response

Anyway, I won't give up! The parts, that I've posted so far, are meant to provide a background to the upcoming chapters, in which Manon, by means of her magic whistle, will show what a naughty girl she is. I am right now going to begin writing the next chapter

*006*2014-11-09 22:16

At about three quarters. Sorry for the delay. I've been occupied with other things, but I hope I'll finish it rather soon! Thankyou for your interest!!!!!

