SOMEONE WHO CARES

Author: Valandrea

*000*2016-02-27 01:25

Hello everyone! I'm not really active on the site, but I'm trying to write a story in english and I thought I could share it with all of you here. I hope you will like it as much as I enjoyed writing it!

English is not my first language, so I hope you will understand everything...

I would be glad to have feedback, even if you want to say you don't like the story. I'm open to any critics, and I really want to progress!

Enjoy the reading!

I STARTED THIS STORY 2 YEARS AGO AND THE TOPIC IS NOW DEAD. I FELT LIKE CONTINUING IT (I’M SO SORRY NOT TO BE REGULAR IN MY POSTS… I WORK A LOT AND I FORGOT ABOUT THIS STORY) SO I CREATED A NEW TOPIC. I POST THE FIRST THREE CHAPTERS: FOR THOSE WHO FOLLOWED MY STORY TWO YEARS AGO, YOU’LL FIND THE LAST CHAPTER AT THEN END OF THIS ENDLESS POST. :)

The story focuses on a relationship between a teacher and his student. I don't want to say too much before you read, but you should just know that this will be a tutor fiction (no sex).

###

CHAPTER ONE

Alexander was slumped on a chair in front of the door of the director’s office, his blue eyes closed. His brown curled hair skimming his eyelids with indolence. He had to play his role until the end. Be indifferent, stay cool. However, in his head, he felt boiling with rage. Rage against himself. Against his bloody behaviour. He was the same bad boy he had been ever since he could remember. Except that this time… This time, he had gone too far.

Why did he have to explode like that? Why did he have to satisfy that asshole?

His maths teacher had had that sadistic smile when he got up, after getting punched. Yes, Alexander punched his teacher during class. What a silly thing to do when you know that Mr Bryant was waiting for a reason to kick him out of the school. The teen just gave him the right reason to do so. Because nobody would want to hear what his maths teacher said to him before he lost control. Nobody would want to know that Mr Bryant deserved to be hurt.

Or maybe there was someone.

As he saw Mr Blanchot coming up from the stairs with a furious gaze, Alexander raised up on his chair, feeling suddenly anxious. Until his French teacher appeared in the corridor, he had been able to fake the nonchalance. But, now he just couldn’t anymore.

He just couldn’t deceive him. He didn’t care about anybody else. But Mr Blanchot was the only one who decided to believe in him. Alexander didn’t know why though, he was such a disappointment everyday.

As his teacher approached him, Alexander felt his heart beat faster. But, surprisingly, Mr Blanchot didn’t even look at him. He went through the door and slapped it with violence behind him.

As though he didn’t hear a noise during the fifteen minutes he had been sitting there, he could clearly hear now his French teacher yell from the director’s office.

###

As he entered the office, Léopold Blanchot noticed the presence of the kid’s tutor, his colleague Mr Bryant and the school’s principal. His nostrils shuddered with anger. He faced his superior, two fists knocked on his desk. From his height, he dominated the man with no difficulty.

“As I heard from a colleague, you want to expel Alexander?” he said, as a rhetorical question.

“Calm down Léopold. Please take a seat and let’s discuss this reasonably.” Demanded the principal.

“You want me to calm down, Paul? Do you know how many humiliations this kid had to endure with that horrible man?” said Léopold, pointing Mr Bryant.

Mr Bryant suddenly rose up from his chair with irritation.

“Did you at least see what that little freak did to my face? Look at my nose!” he shouted, pointing his bleeding nose.

“Oh stop it, Bryant! I’m sure you deserved more than that little punch he gave you!”

“Principal! How can you let a teacher say such things?” said Bryant, revolted.

“Stop it! Both of you calm down!” said the director with authority.

“Paul, please. Can we at least discuss this? You can’t let this poor boy return to this dreadful orphanage!” said Léopold.

“I’m afraid I can’t do more for that kid, Léopold…”he responded.

“He deserves to be expelled, Blanchot. Just look at what he did to a teacher!” said Bryant.

“I think we already know what you want, Bryant, so please stay out of it.” Léopold threatened.

“Léopold, please calm down. Now, Mr Bryant, please be reassured. You already know that his tutor can’t be responsible of Alexander anymore; he was on probation and broke the rules. And without any tutor, the kid can’t stay in this school. So please calm down and go back to your students.” Said Paul with calm.

As soon as Mr Bryant got out of the office, Léopold sat on a chair with weariness.

“We have to do something, Paul. I know this kid is not dangerous. He just needs someone to educate him. Look at his grades! That’s the reason why you accepted to let him stay in your school! He’s a genius and you know that.”

“I know he is a very smart boy, Léopold. But he has gone too far. Hit a teacher, Léopold. Do you know how bad this is?”

“I know, Paul. I surely know that he will never be accepted by another school because of that little punch I’m sure Bryant deserved!”

“But, look Léopold, even if I wanted to let him stay here, he couldn’t. He can’t have a tutor anymore, it won’t be accepted. And I can’t let a kid stay in the dorms without a tutor, it’s not legal!”

“But I refuse to give up on him. He is a good kid, Paul. I’m sure he just needs someone to be there for him. He is a child, for god’s sake! How can we abandon a child that easily? A kid with such a bright future…” Léopold turned to the tutor who didn’t open his mouth during the whole meeting.

“I would like to help you, but it’s not my decision here. Alexander broke the rules. Too many rules. The only thing he has left is the orphanage. I’m sorry, but that’s the way it is…” he said, sorry.

“No! That can’t be his only option! I refuse to tell that brilliant kid that he has to be sent back to the orphanage. He needs someone, Paul.” Léopold begged.

His colleague and friend looked at him with sympathy, yet disbelief. But suddenly, the tutor’s eyes twinkled.

“If you really want to help him, there might be a solution…” said the tutor.

“Tell us, please!” Léopold shouted with hope.

###

When Alexander saw his horrible maths teacher coming out from the principal’s office, he felt his fists clenching again. His eyes burning, he confronted him with pride. He confronted his teacher’s despiteful gaze with coldness.

“You should enjoy your last minutes here, Alexander. You will return to your original place soon. And it will be a relief for everyone.” Bryant said with a smile.

The presence of his French teacher three foots from him convinced Alexander that it was not a good idea to respond. He held back his rage, closing his eyes. Mr Bryant left him with his frustration.

###

“Well, the only way to let Alexander stay in school is the adoption.” The tutor said prudently.

“The adoption?” said Léopold, not sure how to understand this.

“Yes. This is the only solution I can think of. Nobody wants to adopt a thirteen years old with violence issues… But you could.”

“What are you saying?” Léopold said, in shock.

“I’m saying that if you really want to help him, you could adopt him. But, I understand why you wouldn’t… He’s really not easy to deal with. Seriously, who would like to take care of a disturbed kid like Alexander?” the tutor asked.

Léopold looked at the tutor with disappointment, then turned away to face his colleague.

“Paul, I need to know if you would let him stay if I knew someone who could take care of the kid. Please.”

“Léopold… Are you sure you want to go this far?” asked the director, understanding who was that “someone”.

“Just answer the question, please.”

“I don’t really decide you know… He would still have to go to disciplinary committee. I can support him, but I’m not the only one to take the decision. If you really decide to do this, Léo, you have to prepare a really good speech… It won’t be easy.” The principal advised.

“I know. But I just can’t turn the back from my beliefs. He is a good kid, I’m positive about it. I just can’t give up on him.”

“He has to be okay with it too, you know.” Said the tutor.

“I know. We’ll see what he feels about it. But I need to know that you will support him during the committee too. I’m begging you. You know Alexander deserves to be at school.”

“Yes, I will. But, you should be prepared, Mr Blanchot… He is not so easy to deal with, you know…” the tutor said.

“Maybe he is not, but he still needs to be taken care of. Whatever he does, he’s still a kid.” Léopold said, serious.

###

After another hour, Alexander was still waiting in the corridor, anxious. Was it that complicated to expel him from school? Why was it so long?

As he was gnawing his nails with apprehension, the door opened on his French teacher.

“Come in, please.” Said Mr Blanchot with a serious gaze.

As he stood up, the teen felt a pinch in his bladder. He had waited so long on this chair. He had to pee badly. But he couldn’t go right now, unfortunately…

Entering the room, he noticed the principal’s annoyed gaze and his tutor’s tired one.

“Seat down, Alexander.” said the principal.

Seating down, he faced the three men, looking serious and apprehensive. Why they were apprehensive, he didn’t know.

“You overtook the limits today, Alexander. What you did to Mr Bryant is inexcusable.” The principal said. “I don’t know if you realise the chance you have to be in this school. And if you realise how much we are trying to let you stay here, despite your faults.”

“You are not kicking me out?” Alexander asked, surprised.

“I’m not saying that you won’t. But there might be an alternative to your return to the orphanage.”

“What? I won’t have to go back there?” the teen asked with hope.

“Leopold, you want to explain it to him?” proposed the principal, turning towards his colleague.

His French teacher seemed a bit nervous. He had never seen him nervous before. He was such a strict man usually, so proud and confident.

“After what you did today, no tutor can take care of you anymore. You would have to go back to the orphanage. But, we might have a solution… I proposed myself to take care of you from now on.” Mr Blanchot said.

“What..?” Alexander said, incredulous.

“I would be adopting you. You would be in my charge. That way, you have a big chance to stay in school.”

“You would adopt me…” the teen repeated, lost.

“Yes, I would adopt you. You would be living with me, in my house, under my rules.”

“You really want to adopt me?” he asked, in shock.

“Yes, I do. But, the question is: do you prefer to stay with me or go back to the orphanage? Because I can tell you that this kind of behaviour will never be accepted with me, Alexander.” He said, with authority.

“Of course, I want to stay here! But I don’t deserve it…”

“What you deserve is a spank on your bum, kid. And I don’t think you would find someone who will treat you as a kid back there.”

“I’m not a kid anymore.” Grunted Alexander, bushing as Mr Blanchot mentioned a spank.

“Oh yes, you are, my boy. And you need to be treated that way. Believe me; it won’t be easy to be living with your French teacher.” He responded, a little smile on his face.

“Now, Alexander, we will let you talk with Mr Blanchot. By five, we need to know your answer about the adoption. You have to think about it seriously, it’s a really important decision in your life. But, just so you know, you won’t stay unpunished for what you did today. If you decide to stay here, you will have to pay for what you did to Mr Bryant.” the principal said.

Alexander lowered his head, feeling stupid.

“Come with me now.” Said his French teacher.

As they left the office, Alexander felt his heart beat fast. He could not believe of what was happening to him. The man he admired the most was willing to adopt him… He suddenly remembered his full bladder and was happy to be behind the adult. He couldn’t resist putting a hand on his crotch, trying not to leak in his briefs. He really had to pee now… But he couldn’t dare asking for the loo. He was a big boy, he could hold it.

At least he convinced himself that he could…

###

Chapter 2

Léopold and Alexander entered in an office, full of books, papers and stuff everywhere. When he saw French titles on most of the books, Alexander knew he was in Mr Blanchot’s office. It was the perfect image of an organized chaos. So many books everywhere, on the floor, on the desk, on the walls. Some paintings and black and white pictures were hanging on the walls as well. It was full of humanity, full of light. And somewhat, it was contrasting with his teacher’s strict mood.

With a white long hand, Blanchot invited his student to sit on a chair, in front of his desk, while he seated on his own chair. Separated by the wooden desk, Alexander felt reassured. He could easily hold back his pee without being seen. Or at least he thought.

His elbows on the table, his hands reunited together against his delicate chin, the French teacher took a very long and serious gaze at the teenager. Obviously, the kid was not feeling at ease. His legs nervously crossed, his elusive glance, his trembling hands were showing his intimidation.

It was surprising, even after what happened. Léopold had always seen the kid being insolent and proud at anytime. Maybe Alexander was being reluctant to the adoption idea?

The teacher felt a pinch of hurt inside. He didn’t know why. After all, it happened so fast! He never wanted to be a parent before. Then, why was the idea of adopting Alexander so natural? And how come he felt so sad about the possible kid’s refusal?

Looking at Alexander’s apparent dread, Léopold decided to let his emotions aside.

“I think you already realized that what you did today was completely irresponsible. Whatever you decide to do with your life, you will still have to go and apologize, kid. Is that understood?” he asked, strict.

“Yes, sir. But… He really said mean things to me. He deserved to be punched, believe me!” Alexander said angrily, with a tear in the eye.

Before the teen discreetly vanished it with his hand, his teacher had noticed his tear.

“I can imagine what this horrible man said to you Alexander. And believe me; I won’t let him forget it. But you are the kid. He is the adult, and the teacher. Even if he deserves a punch in the nose, you are not in the position to do it.” The teacher said, understanding.

“Nobody does anything… How can I defend myself if I can’t do anything and nobody cares?” the teen asked, his burning face looking the floor.

“You really think nobody cares?” Léopold asked, with a little laugh. “What do you think I’m doing then? I’m getting in trouble with the principal for you, kid. I compromise my career because I believe you deserve to be heard. Do you even realize how hard I try for you?” he continued, his voice raising.

“Why do you do it if it’s that hard?” the teen replied, insolent.

“Here we are, you put your little brat mask again. But, you’re not lucky with me, it doesn’t work. You cry for help, kid, and I see it. So stop this little game with me or I will get really mad. And believe me, you don’t want to.” Léopold threatened, “If you want to know, I care for you because I think you deserve it. You are a child, and you should know the comfort of living as one. Now you have the choice, boy.” He continued, softly.

“What choice?” asked Alexander, lost.

“You can go back to the orphanage, uneducated but as the proud little brat you play. Or you can come home with me as the kid you should be, but you will have to let your little mask away. That is your choice, Alexander.” The teacher said, preoccupied by Alexander’s nervous hands.

“I don’t know. Can I… Can I get out, sir?” the teen asked, desperate to pee.

He was in such a bad situation right now. Facing the man he admired the most, he couldn’t admit the horrible state he was in. He couldn’t tell him that he was so close to having an accident in his pants. His bladder was so heavy that any movement made him feel on the urge to explode. His legs crossed under the table, he couldn’t hold back his hands from his crotch. He had to grip his penis, harder and harder, otherwise he would let some drops of pee fall in the back of his briefs. He didn’t know how much time he could wait… He couldn’t even concentrate on what his teacher was saying. He was obsessed by his desperation.

“Are you kidding me, Alexander?” asked his teacher, incredulously, “Do you realize how bad this situation is? You want to get out and play with your friends like nothing happened, is that it?” he screamed, furious, “It’s too late, kid! Now, you are going to take your responsibility! You are going to listen to me, and take your decision. It’s a life decision you’re taking, realize it!” he continued, harder.

Alexander felt his heart beat faster. His teacher didn’t know how much the teen was intimidated by him. The kid knew exactly how bad the situation was. Perhaps as bad as his desperation was…

“I’m sorry, sir. That’s not what I meant.” He said, shaking.

“Then focus, kid. Bryant is waiting for you to be out of here, and if you want to change that, you will have to put some effort too. You won’t get out of this office until we talked about all this, is that clear?” Léopold said, serious.

“Yes, sir…” he replied, slumping on his chair, trying to hide his nervous legs.

“And sit up straight, for god’s sake!” his teacher screamed.

As Alexander stood up straight on the chair, he gave up his penis, now in his teacher’s sight. But the second he did, he felt a drop leave his penis and flow at the end of his grey briefs. He crossed his legs even closer, hoping his teacher didn’t notice anything.

“Now, do you understand that if you come with me, you will legally be my child?” his teacher asked, serious.

“You would be my… dad?” Alexander asked, blushing with hope.

“Exactly. What you really have to understand is that I will have every right on you, Alexander. And that mean that these kind of stupid acts will be forbidden and severely punished with me. If you decide the adoption, it will be hard to adjust. Of course, I’m severe, you already know me. But I also want to give you a chance to be happy.” His teacher said, strict.

“Oh, no…” the teen moaned, blushing. He suddenly felt a small spurt of pee running on his penis and wetting his briefs. He just couldn’t hold it. He was so desperate to pee now. He had to go! Fortunately, his pants didn’t show anything. He could feel his briefs wet, but his pants were dry.

“Are you okay, Alexander? I know, it’s hard to decide. You don’t know how it is to live with me, and I am very strict. But, you have to understand that I want the best for you. I’m not here to make you suffer. I only want to let you be a kid.”

“No, I know. It’s not…” he moaned again. He was now doing a pee dance on his chair. He just couldn’t stay still. He felt he was going to let go any second now.

“You don’t have to justify, Alexander. It’s completely normal to be afraid. Now, I think it would be good for you to know what will happen in both cases. Maybe, it will help you relax. You shouldn’t be so nervous, kid. I promise, I just want the best for you.” He said, worrying about the teen’s behaviour. The kid looked so frightened.

“Sir…” said Alexander, a tear rolling on his burning cheek. He felt another spurt leave his bladder. A long one this time. He felt his pee rolling along his panty, wetting his bum. In a moan, he put his hand back on his crotch. He was going to have an accident in his pants… His pants didn’t show in the front, but he already knew that on the bottom there was a very noticeable patch of pee.

Feeling another spurt of hot pee rolling in his briefs and dripping on the chair, Alexander beat his lower lip, trying desperately to hold his pee back. He felt all wet in his pants. He didn’t know how he would be able to hold any longer now. Another moan left his mouth. He was holding his crotch even harder, not even willing to hide himself from his teacher. It was too late for that. Now he just wanted to escape the inevitable accident in front of him… He took a shameful look at his teacher, scared of his reaction. Another tear rolled, as another small spurt of pee left his penis.

“What’s wrong, Alexander?” asked Léopold, disconcerted by the sudden fragility of the boy.

“Oh no… Pee…” the teen moaned softly, feeling another small spurt wetting his pants.

“Do you need to pee, my boy?” asked gently his teacher, hearing Alexander’s complain.

Finally raising his burning head, the kid looked at his teacher with pain.

“Yes… I need to pee so bad…” he admitted, ashamed.

“Oh boy, why didn’t you tell me?” he asked, confuse.

“Ah… I’m gonna pee myself, sir!” Alexander complained, legs shaking badly.

Léopold rose up from his chair and went to his student in quick steps.

“Let’s get you to the bathroom before you have an accident in your pants.” He said with authority.

He didn’t want to move. He knew his teacher would see his soaked pants… His teacher would see that the school’s bad boy just couldn’t hold his pee. How would Mr Blanchot still want to adopt him after that? He was so mad at himself. He wanted to hide, disappear from this office. He couldn’t face the disgust in his teacher’s look.

“Come on, kid. You don’t want to pee in your pants, do you?” his teacher asked, softly.

The teen couldn’t hide anymore… He had to show his humiliating accident to his favourite teacher. He tried to think of an issue, but there was none. He had to face his shame.

As Alexander got up, he felt another long spurt leaving his full bladder, dripping in his pants. Moaning, he felt another tear roll. He was so ashamed. He was having an accident in front of his French teacher… He couldn’t hold a small sob leaving his throat.

Léopold couldn’t believe what he was seeing. The boy had already peed his pants. He was in such a shock that he couldn’t hold his surprise.

“Your pants are completely wet! Did you already pee your pants, kid?” he asked, confused.

“I’m sorry… I couldn’t hold it…” the teen answered, in a long sob.

“Come on, then.” Léopold said, in a hurry.

He took firmly the shaking boy by the arm and almost ran through the corridor, willing to prevent a bigger accident. Alexander was holding his penis with pain. He was losing some drops of pee every foot he was walking.

Finally arrived to the toilets, Alexander was happy that everybody was in class. His teacher opened a door, still holding his arm. Pushing him softly into the toilet stall, he left him alone and closed the door.

“I’m waiting for you outside.” His teacher said, strictly.

Alexander was not even able to let go his hands from his crotch. He felt that if he let his hands go, he wouldn’t be able to hold it. Another spurt came out, dripping along his legs, wetting his socks. In a moan, he swore. He was such a kid. How come he couldn’t hold it at his age?

The pressure was so hard… His bladder was hurting badly now. He had to stop dancing like a child and open his trousers. He had to regain control on his body. He was not going to pee his pants! He was not a child!

As he let go his crotch, he felt another long spurt go and wet all the front of his clear blue jeans. He tried to open the first button with great difficulty, but when he finally managed to do it, it was too late. The teenager felt a succession of long spurts of pee wetting his whole pants, with noise. A puddle of pee was growing at his feet. Even when he tried to grasp his penis again, the flow didn’t stop. He had lost total control of his bladder. His pants were darkened by pee, and he couldn’t hide from anyone that he just had an accident. Mostly, he couldn’t hide it from himself.

Alexander suddenly felt so mad at himself. He couldn’t believe he had an accident just at that time. Just when his dream was becoming true. Now nobody, and mostly not Mr Blanchot, would be willing to be his dad. His tears were burning his already red cheeks. He was so angry that he didn’t even realize that he was punching the wall with violence.

“Fuck… Fuck… FUCK!” he yelled, blinded by the anger.

He didn’t even hear his teacher coming back to the bathroom. Nor even did he heard him open the door of the cabin. Nor even did he saw his teacher looking at him with worry, sincere worry.

When he saw the boy, soaked, in his own puddle of pee, Léopold felt very sad for him at first. Then he realized what the boy was doing to himself… Punching the wall in front of him, the boy was grazing his fists with pure anger. When he heard the boy scream from the corridor, he knew that he didn’t make it. But never would he have thought that Alexander would react with such violence against himself.

Léopold entered the cabin, and firmly catch the boy’s arms.

“Stop it, Alexander.” He said softly.

“Let go of me!” the teen screamed, trying to evade his teacher’s grip.

“I won’t.” the man replied.

“Stop it! Don’t look at me!” the boy cried.

“I am looking at you, kid. And I won’t stop. Now, calm down.” Léopold said gently.

“Please. Let me go.” Begged Alexander, sobbing.

The French teacher released the boy’s hands, just to lure him to his own chest. The man’s arms were embracing the boy with tenderness.

“Please, let me go.” Repeated the boy, punching his teacher’s chest.

“I won’t let you go.” Replied Léopold.

Soon the punches were replaced by long and uncontrollable sobs. Alexander couldn’t stop crying. These arms were all he needed. Since always. He relaxed so much that he didn’t even realize his own arms grasping his teacher’s sweater. He needed someone to save him for so long now.

“It’s over now, kid. I won’t let you go.” Léopold said, softly.

He felt he couldn’t let the kid go. For the boy. But also for him. Léopold already knew at that moment that he couldn’t let Alexander go, whatever decision he would take.

“I’m sorry…” cried Alexander.

“It’s okay, my boy. You just had an accident; it happens. Now it’s over.”

“I didn’t want to pee my pants. I tried, I swear…” the teen said, in a sob.

“I know, kid. Next time, just ask me for the loo before you go in your panties. It’s always better to pee in the toilet instead of your pants, isn’t it?” Leopold said, gently.

“I’m sorry. I thought I could hold it.” Alexander murmured, grasping even harder his teacher’s back.

“Stop apologising, Alexander. It’s over now. I’m sure we will find dry pants at the infirmary, then we’ll continue our conversation before you take your final decision.” Reassured the man.

Ruffling the boy’s curled hair, the teacher could feel Alexander calming down. The sobs were more and more distant. But the boy’s head was more and more sunk into his chest.

“I don’t need to discuss more… Please be my dad.” The teen said nervously.

Léopold’s ruffle suddenly stopped. He just couldn’t believe Alexander’s words. He was going to be a dad. His dad.

“Don’t think that we are done talking just because you took your decision, my boy.” The teacher said. But the authority wasn’t even here. He was too happy at that moment to play the teacher.

Now, he was already a dad.

###

CHAPTER 3 (Here it is, finally! (:)

After a moment, Leopold and Alexander broke the embrace, not without a little regret. The boy was looking at his shoes, trying to hide his red and wet face. He was ashamed of his lack of control. He didn’t manage to hold neither his pee nor his tears from getting out…

Léopold himself had almost forgot about the accident for a moment. The boy’s wet pants made him realized how embarrassed his student should feel.

“Come on, boy. Let’s go to the infirmary, I’m sure we can find some trousers for you.” The teacher said while putting an arm around the boy’s shoulders.

They cross the empty hallway and tumbled down the stairs to the infirmary. Alexander was hiding himself against his teacher in fear to meet a student. He couldn’t bare the idea of someone spreading all around the school that he peed his pants. Everybody would see that he was not the rebel he claimed to be. Hopefully, nobody came across.

As they entered the room, Leopold almost smiled thinking that it would be the first time the nurse would see Alexander coming in here because of a pee accident and not because of his usual wounds of fights. But as soon as the nurse saw Alexander’s state, she immediately crossed over her desk and took the boy to the other room in an accustomed and indifferent attitude. Leopold was surprised by her professional behaviour, she reacted as she was confronted to that kind of incidents every day. After his first surprise, Leopold was thankful that she didn’t make any difference between students.

He waited a few minutes alone before the nurse came back with Alexander in a pair of clean jeans. Before she came behind her desk again, she said gently to the boy: “I’ll see you again soon, Alexander”.

“Thank you, Laura” said Leopold before taking the boy out.

He kept wondering why she was that kind to Alexander when she had to take care of his anger issues and several injuries almost every week. But he thought it was not the time for questions, and brought the boy back to his office.

While he was about to go back to his seat, Alexander suddenly stopped his movement. He had forgot about the little puddle of pee stagnating on the chair. His teacher reacted immediately and brought out a rag out a cupboard and hurried to wipe the rests of the accident.

“I’m so sorry…” murmured the boy, shamefully.

“Don’t worry about it anymore, boy. As I already told you, accidents happen.” Leopold replied softly, “Now sit, please. We still have some things to figure out and we don’t have much time.” He continued, looking at his watch.

Leopold served himself and Alexander a glass of water before seating back to his own chair. He gave the boy a serious gaze.

“As you know already, you have to give the headmaster your final answer by 5. So, I repeat the question: Are you sure you want me to be your guardian ?” the teacher asked, seriously.

“Yes, I’m sure. Are you?” said the teen, looking back into his teacher’s eyes.

“I am sure.” He answered with a smile. “You will come into my house tomorrow, after the end of class. Tonight you will have to get all your stuff ready to move out. Is that okay with you so far?” he asked.

“Yes.” Alexander said.

“Good. We don’t have much time to talk about the rules and the rights while you will be under my full authority. But, there is one thing to know already: the absolute rule is when I say no, it is NO. Don’t even try to exceed or break this rule or you will be severely punished. Is that clear?” Asked the teacher with a threatening voice.

“Yes, it is clear.” Answered softly Alexander, with a point of fear in his voice.

“Good. Tomorrow we will have more time to discuss, I promise. However, if you already worry about the possible dissension between us living together – maybe you will prefer the orphanage after facing my severity –, you will have one month try before deciding if you want to stay or not. Nevertheless, during this month you will be under my guard, fully and completely. Understood?” asked Leopold

“Yes, sir.” Answered Alexander.

“Alright, then. If you think about any question at all, or any request, write them down tonight and we will discuss it tomorrow night, at home.” The teacher said, more kindly.

As Alexander heard his teacher saying “home” he felt a sudden heat in his stomach. He would discover a home, a real home. He could feel the corners of his mouth raising slowly on the cheeks.

Leopold felt a real joy noticing the boy’s smile. He realised that he wanted to see it every day. He let Alexander lost himself in his thoughts for a few seconds, but he had to break the sudden joy...

They went to the headmaster’s office to officialise their arrangement. Alexander’s tutor was there too. He seemed happy to know that the boy was going to know an other home than the orphanage. And he was also happy for himself… He wouldn’t have to be ruled by Alexander’s terrible temperament any longer. He promised to be at Leopold’s house tomorrow night with the adoption’s contract.

Alexander was going to stay in school until his disciplinary audience, planed for a couple of weeks from today.

It was around six o’clock when Leopold and Alexander left the office. They looked at each other with an intrigued gaze. They were both different from now on. Alexander was not just a student anymore. Leopold was not just a teacher anymore.

“I’ll see you tomorrow, boy. Have a good night.” Said Leopold with a little embarrassment.

“Yeah… Good night, professor.” Said Alexander, even more embarrassed.

As Alexander went back to his room, he couldn’t realize this was his last night here. He suddenly felt emotional. He dreamt so many times to get out of here. And now it was finally his last night… He couldn’t fall asleep this night. He had too much in his mind. His head was full of questions. How was it going to be? Would his teacher be happy with him? And would he be happy with his teacher?

The day after, Alexander was very tired. He didn’t sleep much and couldn’t focus on his classes. He couldn’t wait to discover his new home. But in the same time, he was feeling frightened. And all the questions his comrades asked him all day about the accident with Mr. Bryant the day before were beginning to try his patience…

During French class, he couldn’t look at his teacher. He was petrified by Mr. Blanchot’s gaze. He could feel his heart beat strong, and his face was constantly blushing. His best friends looked at him with curiosity. Alexander never showed any trouble before, he was usually so proud and strong. And when his best friend Ben asked him what was going on, Alex refused to answer.

At the end of classes, the boy didn’t even say goodbye and rushed out of class in silence, despite his friends calling after him.

He didn’t know where to wait for his teacher and decided to go to his office. It took him a few seconds before knocking on the door. Mr. Blanchot opened to him with a smile.

“Are you ready to go? Shall we get your stuff and go home?” the teacher asked.

“Yes, let’s go.” Answered Alexander, timidly.

Léopold was surprised by the small amount of luggage the boy had. Alexander clearly had nothing. The teacher took the small suitcase in his hand and they went to the parking. The drive home was almost silent. Alexander answered his teacher’s questions only by a ‘yes’ or a ‘no’. He felt completely shut off.

Mr. Blanchot lived in a quiet area, not far from the centre of the town. He parked in front of a lovely little house. It looked like a little cottage. Alexander could feel warmer just by looking at its façade. It was hard for him to believe that it was going to become his home.

Léopold got out of the car and invited the boy, who seemed statued on his seat.

“Come on, it’s cold outside.” The teacher said gently.

The boy followed the man, mechanically. He couldn’t believe it was really happening. His teacher showed him the entire house, ending the tour by the boy’s room. If the house looked already warm and cosy, it was his bedroom that impressed Alexander the most. It was a simple room with a large bed, a spacious desk and many bookshelves. In the middle of the room was a big red carpet that seemed so mellow and comfortable. There was a window overlooking a small flowery garden.

“Here is your room. There is not much in it, but we have plenty of time to decorate it to your taste.” The teacher said. “Do you like it?” he asked, a bit anxious.

“It’s amazing…” said the boy, stunned. “I… I never thought I would ever have a real room like that. Thank you, sir.” He continued, suddenly feeling emotional.

“I’m happy you like it. You should unpack your bag and make yourself at home. I’m going to prepare us a snack. And, by the way… Try not to call me sir in here. I’m not your teacher in this house. You can call me Léopold, or Leo if you like.” His teacher said while leaving the room.

The boy took some time to look all around, looking in every corners. The room was so warm, so welcoming. He finally unpacked his clothes to put them in the commode. He hesitated for a moment. He had to find his teacher downstairs, in the kitchen. He was not feeling at ease to go through a house that was not his, not yet. But he seemed to be the only one to feel troubled because Léopold welcomed his student with a large smile. He was setting the table.

“Come and sit. Do you like pancakes?” Léopold asked.

“Yes, I love it.” The boy answered, feeling suddenly calmer.

Léopold joined Alexander and they start to eat. First, they were silent, but it didn’t last long.

“Why did you punch Mr. Bryant yesterday?” the teacher asked suddenly.

“He said horrible things to me, I just couldn’t let him insult me that way. I don’t regret it if that’s what you’re wondering.” The boy replied, harshly.

“I won’t talk about this incident in the future, because I think we need to start fresh. But, you need to understand that this kind of behaviour is unacceptable. If that happens again, you will regret it this time, trust me. » he said, severely.

“Yes, sir.”

They were interrupted by someone knocking on the door. The orphanage tutor was coming to make them sign the adoption’s contract.

Léopold didn’t hesitate a second and signed the papers quickly. But Alexander felt his hands shaking while taking the pen. He soon felt a hand on his shoulder.

“It’s okay to be afraid.” His teacher said, reassuring.

The boy suddenly calmed down. He could feel that everything was going to be okay from now on. As soon as the kid’s tutor went away, Léopold put the boy to work. The teacher himself sat down back at the table and opened his laptop to work on his own homework.

It was weird for Alexander to be working with his teacher by his side. It was comfortable. Leopold looked over the boy’s shoulder from time to time, he was checking that Alexander was doing his work. When the boy finished his exercises, the teacher asked him to hand over his work.

“I don’t need you to check my homework, sir. I’m 14 years’ old you know.” The boy said.

“4 or 14 years’ old, I check your homework. It’s not about your age, Alexander. You are under my responsibility, and as so, I will overlook your homework. End of discussion.” The teacher replied.

Alexander handed over his exercise books and his homework notebook, not without a certain anxiety. He was a brilliant student, but completely disorganized.

The adult went rapidly through the books and closed them.

“It’s okay for tonight, it’s late. But I notice that you could improve in maths and history. On the other hand, in English and in French it’s good. We’ll talk about the state of your books another time.” He said, giving the books back to Alexander. He noticed the boy’s hands shaking a little bit. Léopold immediately put a warm hand on his student arm.

“Put your books away, and come sit a second.” The teacher demanded softly. “It’s all right, boy. You don’t have to fear anything. » he continued as the boy sat in front of him.

“I’m sorry… I’m not used to… all that…” the boy replied, confused.

“I know. It will take some time, but I know it’s all going to be fine.” Said the man.

“Yeah.” replied Alexander, standing up hastily. He was not used to the constant support his teacher was giving him. The boy suddenly wanted to crawl under the sofa, where no one could notice him. “Can I go to my room?” he asked, wanted to hide.

“Sure, go ahead. I will prepare dinner and I’ll call you when it’s ready.” The man answered.

They ate silently. The boy was shutting himself again. He needed time to feel legitimate to be here. He was so used to being alone. How could it be right to be here?

His teacher must have understood what was going into the boy’s mind because he didn’t break the silence. When they both finished their plate, the adult started to clear the table, and noticed that the boy didn’t dare to move.

“Go and brush your teeth and put your pyjamas on. You are allowed to read until 10 p.m., then sleep.”

Alexander wanted to protest, but he didn’t dare to do so. He never went to sleep that early! It was 8 o’clock and he was going to sleep… What a change!

As the boy was reading one of his favourite book, Harry Potter, he heard someone knocking softly on his door.

“Yes?” he invited despite his feeling of embarrassment.

“It’s 10 p.m., Alexander. It’s time to go to sleep.” The adult said softly while coming up to the bed.

The boy didn’t understand why his teacher was coming up to him before Léopold sat on his bed, before he tucked him up and put a hand on his shoulder.

“Good night, dear boy.” Léopold said.

“Good night.” The teen replied, bushing.

When the teacher left the room, Alexander suddenly felt terribly embarrassed, and in the same time, he felt a bit sad that his teacher already left. ‘Dear boy”! Nobody has ever called him that. Never. Weirdly, it was so soft to hear.

The boy finally fell asleep half an hour later. This day had been emotionally rich, and he felt quite happy to be put in bed this early.

The morning after, Alexander was not woken up by an horrible ringtone but by his teacher. The boy didn’t hear him coming into the room, but he could hear Léopold whispering softly to his hear: “It’s time to wake up, my boy”. After a few minutes, Alexander opened his eyes and finally realized that he was in his teacher’s house.

His teacher looked at him with gentleness. But not only. There was some kind of worry in his gaze. At that moment, Alexander realized that his pyjamas were soaking wet. How did it happen? He couldn’t have wet the bed! He suddenly felt his cheeks burning with shame. His eyes began to get wet as well.

“I… I’m sorry. I don’t know what happened.” The boy said with tears.

“You wet your bed. But it’s all right, it happens. You want to tell me why it happened?” asked his teacher softly.

“…”

“You couldn’t remember where the toilets are? Or maybe you were afraid to go there alone in the dark?” Léopold asked.

“No! I don’t know… I didn’t feel anything. It was an accident, sir. I didn’t mean to do it.” Said the boy in a sob.

“All right, all right, my boy. It’s okay. It can happen to anyone to have a little accident, there’s no need to cry. » his teacher replied, gently.

Léopold wiped the boy’s tears with his hands in the biggest sweetness. But the boy moved back, suspicious. He was definitely not used to his teacher’s tenderness.

“I’ll let you get up and clean yourself. Leave the bed that way, I’ll take care of it. Breakfast is ready downstairs.” Said the teacher, getting up and leaving the room.

“Thank you… Léopold.” The boy replied.

The adult turned back at him and smiled.

At that time, the boy knew he had taken the good decision. He knew Mr. Blanchot was the one. He was only worrying that Léopold would change his mind… Maybe his teacher was having doubts now. If Mr. Blanchot accepted to be his ‘dad’, it certainly was because Alexander was not a child anymore and that he wouldn’t have to deal with childish things. But now? Would the bedwetting made him change his mind?

Alexander was blaming himself for wetting the bed… Why did he peed himself? He thought he needed to apologize, to move out the sheets quickly. He wanted to deal with it as if he was still alone. He couldn’t bare the idea of disappointing Mr. Blanchot. He couldn’t bear the idea of being a burden.

He quickly stood up, disgusted by the pee all over his bottom. He took his wet sheets, lifted the bed and turned it back. He opened the window to air the room and ran to the bathroom to take a shower. He took more time to wash his sheets and pyjamas than himself…

As he was wringing the sheets, he heard his teacher calling him.

“Alexander! Come eat your breakfast, we’re going to be late for school!”

“I’m coming!” answered the teen.

The boy got out of the bathroom after checking that everything was in its place. He quickly went to his room to hang out the sheets on the window before coming to the kitchen.

He discovered a table full of different things: cereals, fresh bread, pancakes, and different sorts of jam.

“Sit down. What would you like to eat?” asked the teacher.

“Er… I usually don’t eat in the morning.” The teen answered.

« Well, kid, I’m warning you, breakfast is sacred in this house and therefore mandatory.” Replied the adult, threatening.

“All right… I’ll take a pancake then.” Said Alexander while grabbing a pancake and spread some strawberry jam over it.

Léopold pour some orange juice in two glasses and hand one to the boy before sitting in front of him and buttered some slices of fresh bread. He then dipped his bread into a mug of smoking coffee.

“You really are French!” said Alexander, looking at his teacher’s breakfast.

“Haha! Yes, I am!” Léopold replied in a smile. “When you’ll eat my aunt’s pain perdu, you will understand why.” he continued.

“You’re thinking of taking me to France one day?” the teen asked, already excited.

‘It will be your gift for your trial period. If you decide to stay here, of course.” The adult replied while filling the boy’s glass with orange juice.

“Stop making me drink or I’ll explode!” the teen said, already regretting his words. He had almost forgotten last night’s accident. He suddenly felt his cheeks turning red. Léopold must have noticed it because he smiled gently.

“I’m going to change your sheets before we go. Finish your breakfast.” Said Léopold while standing up.

“There’s no need to… I washed my sheets under the shower and hanged them out on the window.” The teen answered in a rustle while lowering his head.

“Pardon me?” asked his teacher, confused.

“I… I didn’t want to make you did it. So, I did it. »

Léopold sat next to him and looked at the boy insistently.

“We have a washing machine, you know. I showed you the laundry yesterday night.” The teacher said with incomprehension.

« I… I forgot. » the boy said, lying.

“Ah. You forgot.” Said Léopold, laconically.

Suddenly, Alexander saw his teacher standing up and come crouching very next to him. He could feel the man taking softly his chin in his hand. The boy couldn’t look at him. His heart was beating too hard. He felt afraid of his teacher’s gaze. He was not ready for all that. But it seemed that Mr. Blanchot was going to oblige him… The boy didn’t even try to get out of his teacher’s grip, he knew he would lose anyway. He was feeling like a marionette.

“Look at me, boy.” Léopold ordered.

The second Alexander looked at the man, he couldn’t help but avoid the gaze. He was not feeling capable to sustain that gaze. He was trying, but it was like his pupils were burning at the contact of his teacher’s eyes. He felt like crying now.

« Didn’t I tell you to leave your bed as it was this morning?” Léopold asked softly.

The boy shrugged his shoulders, shaking.

« This is not your role to deal with this things, Alexander. You are the kid and I am the adult. You have to understand that you are not lonely anymore. Do you understand?” he continued.

Alexander couldn’t answered. He didn’t know what to reply.

“It’s not by hiding your wet sheets that you will manage to hide the very fact that you are a child, my boy.” The man pursued.

That was it; Alexander could feel a tear rolling on his cheek.

“I am here to take care of you. I’m here to worry, to comfort you, to take you in my arms when you have an accident, to give you a spank when you do stupid things. I am here.” Léopold said while drying Alexander’s second tear.

« I… I just wanted it to be over… I wanted to forget… » the boy said with a lump in his throat.

The teen could feel he was losing control, again. He started to cry like a child. As Léopold softly ordered Alexander to come into his arms, the boy felt diving into them.

‘I’m crying on my teacher’s shoulder because I peed my bed. What a regression…’ thought the boy. He wanted to break the embrace. He wanted to say no! But he felt completely incapable of doing so. He was losing himself in his new dad’s arms.

Alexander could feel his teacher’s arms holding him tight, one hand softly caressing his back. He could hear Mr. Blanchot rasping voice repeating “I am here, boy. Calm down”.

After a few minutes, Alexander’s sobs calmed down. Little by little, Léopold released the boy from his embrace.

“I’m sorry.” Finally said the teen.

“What are you sorry for, my boy?” the man asked gently.

“For crying. And… to have wet the bed…” the boy answered, shamefully.

“You don’t have to apologize. You have the right to cry, my boy. And about the bedwetting, you must not feel guilty. As I already said to you, accidents happen. It is not your fault. Understood?” the man said, serious.

The boy nodded while sniffling. He felt like crap. He was not as strong as he thought he was. But he also realized that being incapable when someone gives you a hand was sometimes comforting….

*005*2016-03-08 17:26

Here is the next chapter ! I hope you will like it. :)

Chapter 4

The week that followed the bed accident went calmly. Alexander and Léopold were learning to live together. The teen didn’t even had anger crisis yet. He seemed to put a lot of efforts to behave himself. Sometimes, he still shut himself from his teacher, but the man could see he was really trying to make this new family working.

Léopold was happy to see that the bedwetting had not last. After the first night, the boy had woke up in dry pyjamas. The man was relieved.

This Saturday night, Alexander and Léopold watched a movie, eating popcorn. Of course, the boy’s choice of dvd had not surprised the teacher: Fight Club. Then, they went to sleep, following the same chucking up and kissing on the forehead habit.

It was around 12 a.m. and Léopold couldn’t go to sleep. He was turning in his bed for almost an hour now. He gave up and decided to go to the living room to work on an article he had to give to the University of Glasgow. He sometimes had insomnia and he always worked better during the night.

He went down the stairs very quietly, not willing to wake up the boy. When he was finally downstairs, Léopold prepared himself a cup of coffee and sat at the living-room table with his laptop and his books. After about an hour, the man heard some steps on the stairs. Apparently the boy couldn’t sleep as well.

At first, the boy didn’t realize that he was not alone in the room. Léopold looked at him, confused. Alexander was holding a big amount of sheets in his arms, which was almost big enough to hide the small boy completely.

Suddenly Alexander noticed the light was on. He turned on himself and looked around until facing his teacher’s gaze. Alexander startled and felt blushing. He gripped his amount of sheets more tightly.

“What on earth are you doing, Alexander?” asked Léopold with incomprehension.

“I… I couldn’t sleep so I decided to do the laundry…” replied the boy, feeling his heart beat fast.

“You decided to do the laundry at 2 a.m.?” the man continued, astounded.

“Yeah… I didn’t want to wake you up in the morning so… I wanted to do it while you were asleep…” answered Alexander, feeling about to cry.

“Er… Okay then.” The adult said, surprised by the boy’s sudden need of cleanliness. He couldn’t be mad at Alexander for doing the laundry after all. “Let me help you with that, and then back to bed.” He pursued while standing up.

“No!” screamed Alexander, standing back furiously. He was starting to feel tears filling up his eyes.

Léopold stopped his movement, surprised. Maybe it was because of the late hour, but he couldn’t understand the fear in the boy’s eyes. And then it hit him, Alexander was hiding something in those sheets. He suddenly thought of the worst. Cigarettes? Alcohol? Drugs?

“Let go of these sheets now, Alexander!” Léopold said while coming toward the boy, threatening.

“No… Please…” replied the boy, shaking. But he couldn’t stand his teacher’s gaze any longer. He felt his hands loosen. The amount of linen fell on the floor in a matt noise.

Léopold immediately went through the sheets, but he stopped his gest almost at the same time. There were not only sheets but also panties in the pile. Wet panties, and wet sheets.

The man raised frowning eyebrows to the boy. Léopold didn’t understand. He was expecting bad boy stuff, and he was facing a child issue.

The boy was now crying silently, looking at his feet.

“Why… Why didn’t you say anything, Alexander?” the man asked, confused.

“I… I’m sorry…” the boy replied, shaking.

“No… I’m not scolding you, boy. I just want to understand.” Léopold said, regretting his last words.

The boy could feel his legs weaken. But before falling on the floor, his teacher grabbed him and raised him in his arms. Alexander instantly closed his own arms around the man’s neck. He could feel lumps in his throat.

“It’s all right, babe.” Léopold said, surprised by the spontaneity of his own choice of surname. “Cry, my dear boy. It’s all right.” He pursued, softly.

With the boy in his arms, Léopold sat down in an armchair. He shaved Alexander’s back until the boy calmed down. The adult could feel all the sadness leaving the boy’s body. He suddenly looked so small, so vulnerable. Léopold wanted to slap himself. How could he have not noticed the teen’s fragility?

Soon, the boy fell asleep in his teacher’s arms. Léopold brought him back to his room and tried to put the boy in his bed, but the boy’s grip on the adult’s neck didn’t weaken. The man finally decided to stay in the boy’s bed for the night, not willing to wake him up. He fell asleep quickly, with the boy on his chest.

When Alexander woke up this morning he could feel his eyes hurting. He had cried a lot the night before… The first thing he saw when he opened his eyes was his teacher sleeping in his bed. The boy suddenly felt so small beside this tall adult man. He knew he should be ashamed for having slept into his teacher’s arms that night, but he couldn’t stop feeling happy. At least until he realized his pyjamas were wet… He wanted to slap his own face. But he only moaned softly. Not softly enough apparently, the boy could see his teacher opening his eyes.

When Léopold woke up, he smiled happily to Alexander. He had a great sleep and almost forgot about last night. But he realized quickly that the boy was looking sad.

“What is it, my boy? Did you have a nightmare?” the man asked, worried.

Alexander seemed incapable to talk. He was about to cry, again.

“I…” he started. But it was too late. He began to sob.

“Alexander? What is it?” the adult asked.

“I’m sorry.” The boy answered, punching his duvet. He suddenly looked so mad at himself.

It was only when Léopold took the boy back to his chest that he understood. He could feel the back of the boy’s pyjamas; the boy had peed himself.

“It’s all right, my boy. Calm down.” The man said softly. “Let’s get you cleaned up.” He continued, standing up.

But the boy didn’t seem to be able to move. His teacher took the boy’s hands and tried to put him on his feet, but Alexander looked like he had lost all energy. Léopold didn’t take time to think more, he raised the teen in his arms and took him to the bathroom. Without letting the boy, the man ran the shower. Finally, Léopold put Alexander down, softly. The boy was still crying.

“It’s over, Alexander. You need to clean up now.” The adult said taking the boy’s chin in his hand.

But Alexander didn’t react. He felt like he was empty of energy. His teacher removed the boy’s shirt and his trousers. But Alexander still stood there, with no reaction. It was only when his teacher wet his face with a cold washcloth that the boy started to wake up. Alexander suddenly saw his teacher’s gaze; it was full of sweetness, but there was also worry in it.

“It’s all right, boy. It’s over. Go in the shower now. I bring you some clothes. Understood?” the man asked, troubled.

The boy nodded. When his teacher left the room he finally found enough energy to go under the hot shower. When Alexander got out, he found clean clothes on the floor. He quickly dressed up and went downstairs, anxious. His teacher was waiting for him at the kitchen table, he prepared breakfast.

“Come, my boy. Pancakes again, this morning?” Léopold asked.

“Yes… Thank you.” Alexander answered, still blushing.

They sat in front of their breakfast and began eating silently. But Léopold didn’t want to ignore what happened. They had to talk about all this.

“I know you don’t want to talk about it, Alexander, but we need to.” Began Léopold. “I noticed that there were four pairs of sheets and four panties in the pile of linen. And it’s been four nights since your first bedwetting accident. It means that you have peed your bed every night since you are here. Am I wrong?” the adult asked, gently.

“…”

“I don’t want to scold you for wetting your bed. I only want you to tell me the truth, boy. I can’t stand lies. And I can’t stand the idea of you dealing with this bedwetting problem alone. Do you understand?” the man pursued.

“Yes…” whispered the boy.

“I never want to see you hide wet sheets again. Is that clear?” said Léopold, serious.

“Yes, sir.” Answered the boy.

“Good. Now, I have to ask you if this kind of accidents happened in the past. Did you ever peed the bed before?” asked the teacher softly.

“No!” screamed Alexander, his cheeks burning.

“Calm down, boy. I’m just trying to understand what is going on, that’s all.” The man said.

“I didn’t wet my bed before.” The teen replied, harshly.

“All right, boy. Then, could you tell me, in your opinion, why it happens?” The man asked, gently.

“I don’t know!” the boy replied, angry.

“Are you scared in your new room?” the teacher asked.

“No! I’m not a kid!” replied Alexander.

“You are a kid, and it’s all right to be.” Said the man. “Now, tell me, do you have nightmares?” he pursued after a silence.

“Sometimes. I mean, like every one!”

“Do you have nightmares since you arrived in this house?” continued the man.

“Not really.” Said the boy looking annoyed by the conversation.

“I need to understand what’s going on, my boy, otherwise I won’t be able to help you.” Léopold said softly.

“I don’t want to talk about it anymore! I don’t need your help!” screamed Alexander, standing up.

“Listen carefully, boy. As long as you will be a child, you will need my help. And the very fact that you peed your bed from the first night in this house shows that you are indeed a child.” The teacher said, sharply. “Now sit back down, please.” He pursued.

The boy sat back on his chair, crossing his arms with anger.

“In my opinion, all these changes you are living since the beginning of the week confuse you. You need some time to adapt. And I’m sure that once you’ll feel more comfortable with this new situation you will stop peeing your bed. I’m sure it won’t last, my boy. But until then, I want you to tell me when it happens, all right?” the man said, softly. He didn’t wait for an answer he knew was not going to come. “You shouldn’t be worrying about all this. I’m sure it is just a phase of transition. And I’m here to help to go through this phase.” He pursued.

They remained silent for a moment, until Alexander asked to leave the table. The boy went to his room and decided to do his homework to change his mind. When he entered his room, he noticed his bed was clean again. He sat at the desk and started to work on his English assignment for the day after. About an hour later, he heard his teacher knocking on his door.

“Yes?” he invited, timidly.

“I have to run some errands. Will you be okay on your own during half an hour?” Léopold asked.

“Of course.” The teen replied.

“I’ll be back soon. Do not make stupid things while I’m gone.” The man said while getting out.

Half an hour later, Léopold came back. It was time to prepare lunch.

“Alexander, come eat please.” Called Léopold from the kitchen.

As the teen arrived, he could see sandwiches on the table. But he could also notice a huge plastic bag on the floor. He was too curious to know what was inside to hold his tongue.

“What did you buy?” the teen asked, sitting in front of his teacher.

“I bought bed pads. It’s a sort of plastic sheet that you put under the sheets to protect the mattress if you pee your bed. That way you won’t wet your mattress if you have an accident at night.” The man replied.

“Oh…” Alexander said, feeling ashamed. He wouldn’t have thought that his accidents would lead to a bed pad… The teen couldn’t even look at the plastic bag anymore. He felt so ashamed. Like for the little kids he had to protect his bed. If only his friends knew…

“The headmaster has send me an email, your disciplinary hearing is next Wednesday. You and I will have to prepare yourself for it.” Léopold said suddenly.

“What will I have to say?” the teen asked, happy to change the subject.

“A few people will ask some questions about your behaviour in school and you will have to convince them that you are sorry about what you have done in the past and that you will behave from now on. You will have to stay very calm and very cooperative if you want to stay in school.” The teacher said, serious.

“You will be there too?” he asked with a light of hope in his eyes.

“Yes, I will. I will try to convince them to let you stay as well.”

“Will I have to apologize again to Bryant?” the teen asked, annoyed.

“Mister Bryant.” Rectified Léopold. “And yes, you will have to apologize again. You will have to look very sorry if you want to have a chance to stay in school.” Answered Léopold.

“I’ll do my best.” Said Alexander.

The next few days went by as usual. Alexander wet his bed every night, and he gave up the idea of hiding it. His teacher woke him up every morning and looked at his sheets every time. Alexander was now used to be crying a little in his teacher’s arms after his accidents. However, Tuesday night was a bit different. It was the night before his audience, and Alexander went to bed feeling anxious.

He woke up in a scream at 2 a.m. in the morning. He had a horrible nightmare. The audience went really badly and Léopold kicked him out of his home, not willing to deal with a delinquent.

When he woke up, Alexander could feel sweat in his back. He felt completely lost. But a second after, he saw his teacher coming to him. He didn’t understand why but he almost ran into his teacher’s arms. At that moment he realized that it was not only sweat in his back… He had peed himself again.

Léopold took him into the bathroom and helped the boy clean up and change the sheets before putting him back to bed. The teen fell asleep in his teacher’s arms quickly.

The next morning, when Léopold woke him up, the boy had almost forgotten about his nightmare. But then he felt his wet sheets under him. It made him remember of his accident during the night. He realized that he had peed his bed twice this time…

Léopold didn’t say anything and helped him clean up as usual and waited for him in the kitchen for breakfast.

As the boy sat down in front of him, Léopold could see Alexander’s reddened eyes. The boy had cried a lot.

“Are you anxious about the audience, boy? Is that why you had a nightmare?” he asked softly.

“Yeah. I don’t want to be expelled…” Alexander replied, trembling.

“It’s all going to be fine. You just need to be honest.” Said the man, reassuring.

“I… I know I’m a disappointment. I don’t want you to expel me…” he admitted, lowering his head.

“What nonsense are you saying, my boy? You are no disappointment! And I will never expel you, whatever happens! Do you understand?” the man said, serious.

“You say that but… Last night…” continued the boy.

“What about last night? You had a nightmare, what’s wrong about that?” Léopold said, confused.

“You said that my accidents wouldn’t last… And I peed my bed twice…” the teen said in a voice broken with emotion.

“Oh, my boy. You had a nightmare. And you were anxious about the audience. Don’t worry about it anymore.” The man said softly. “The audience will go just fine and all will be forgotten, I promise.” He continued with a smile.

They ate quickly and headed to school. In the car, Léopold could see Alexander’s hands stir. The boy was clearly nervous.

“It’s all going to be all right, boy.” The man said while parking in front of the school.

They walked silently in the corridors and stopped in front of a door.

“I will be seating just in front of you. Try to stay calm. If you feel nervous, just look at me. I’ll be there during the whole meeting.” The man said, taking the boy’s chin in his hand.

Alexander felt like he was about to cry. He didn’t know why it scared him that much, but he could feel his heart beat strongly.

They entered the room together. There was the headmaster, Mr. Bryant, the school’s psychologist, his English teacher and a woman he didn’t know. She was the one to talk.

“Hello Mr Blanchot. Hello Alexander. Alexander, you can sit here.” She said, pointing a desk in front of them all. Léopold had join his colleagues in front of him.

Alexander sat down, glad to notice that the desk hided his nervous legs. He couldn’t help but shake.

“I am Mrs Adam, I am from the rectorate and I am here to lead this meeting. I will ask you some questions, and at the end, we will decide of you to stay in this school or to leave. Do you understand?” she asked, gently.

“Yes, I understand.” He replied, timidly.

As he answered, Alexander felt a small pinch in his bladder. He suddenly realized that he had not gone to the bathroom before the audience. He was feeling so anxious that he had forgotten he had to pee. The stress didn’t help him to keep his bladder calm.

“You know why you are here, don’t you?” the lady continued.

“Yes, I know.” He said.

“You are here because you hit your maths teacher, Mr Bryant. Do you realize that it is very serious?” she asked.

“I do. I’m very sorry to have done it.” Alexander said, putting a hand on his crotch. He could feel his bladder pinching harder now. Hopefully, nobody could see his hands under the desk. He looked at Léopold in despair, but the man just smiled at him softly.

“We already heard what Mr Bryant had to say about the incident. We want your version of the facts now. Can you explain to us what happened?” she asked.

“I was in class and Mr Bryant had gave us an exercise on equations. There was a question I didn’t understand so I raised my hand and asked him if he could explain to me. First, he ignored me. So I repeated my question. And then, he said that I had nothing to do in school, that I was a stupid kid that deserves to be put back in the streets. And then… I hit him.” Admitted Alexander.

As he finished his sentence, the boy could feel a drop of pee leaking in his panties. He immediately grabbed his crotch with both his hands. He could not have an accident right now…

“Do you think Mr Bryant deserved to be punched?” she continued while taking notes.

“I…” he hesitated. “I should have gone to the principal instead of punching Mr Bryant. I shouldn’t punch anybody.” He replied, feeling a second drop wet his panties.

“That’s right, you shouldn’t have punch your teacher.” She said. “Do you regret what you did?”

“I do, madam.” Alexander said. “I’m sorry Mr Bryant. I shouldn’t have punched you.” He added, looking at his maths teacher. He didn’t even believe even a second in what he was saying, but he wanted to get out of here so much that he didn’t care about lying. He had to get out before peeing his pants. He moaned silently while feeling a small spurt wetting his bottom.

“I am happy you realize your fault, Alexander.” She said gently. “But I can see on your file that this is not the first time you become violent in school.”

“I know… I’m sorry.” He said, tears in his eyes. He could feel his bums wet. He was so desperate to pee. He started to wriggle on his chair, trying to stop his need.

“Do you think that violence is a consequence of the way you lived before? Because you had no parent to look after you?” she asked.

“I… I don’t know…” he answered, completely focused on his crotch. He was squeezing his penis with all his strength, but he could still feel some drops coming out.

“I heard that you have moved to Mr Blanchot’s house last week. And that no incident happened since. Do you feel calmed down?”

“Yes. I am very happy to be with him. I don’t want to be expelled… It’s like I have a…” he suddenly stopped, feeling a long spurt wetting his panties. He was sure now that his jeans would show a spot of pee… How would he be able to hide it?

“Yes?”

“Er… It’s like I have… a family now.” He continued, feeling his cheeks blushing.

“Do you feel that it is what you have missed?”

“I…” he started, but he felt like losing control of his bladder. He could feel successive spurts wetting his panties. Even when he tried to scissor his legs, the spurts of pee didn’t stop. “I’m sorry…” he said, starting to cry. Hopefully, the flow stop before wetting the floor.

“What are you sorry about, Alexander?” she asked, worried.

“I’m sorry that I am still a child in the end.” He answered, sobbing.

“Do you mean that you needed someone like Mr Blanchot to treat you like a child?”

“Yes…”

“Listen, Alexander. I understand that your live was complicated and that you reacted with violence to protect yourself. I can understand. But now I need to know that you will behave. You are a smart student, it would be a shame to waste your possibilities. Don’t you think?” she asked.

Alexander nodded. He couldn’t talk. He looked at his pants in fear. He could see a large patch pee in the front of his trousers, and could feel that it was even worse on the back. When he looked at Léopold, he could see his teacher was worried. Everybody looked surprised and worried. They surely thought that Alexander was going to rebel himself, but instead of that he was looking completely vulnerable.

“Can you promise me that you will never behave like that in the future?” she asked.

“I promise.” He said.

“That’s good. Now I will talk with your teachers alone. Can you wait outside until we make our decision?” she asked softly.

Alexander suddenly felt his heart beat stronger. He couldn’t get up with his wet jeans in front of everybody! As the thought he released his crotch from his hands but immediately felt another long spurt wetting his trousers. He could feel the pee wetting his legs now. He managed to stop the flow with his hands, but if he tried to get up he knew that he couldn’t control anymore.

“Alexander?” she asked.

“I… I can’t.” The teen said in a whisper.

He felt another spurt coming out of his penis. His panties were soaking wet. His bladder was hurting so badly. He wished he could be at home, alone with his teacher. He looked at him in complete despair. But Léopold didn’t understand.

“Go and wait for us outside, boy.” Léopold said gently. The man wouldn’t have imagine that the boy would cry during the interview. He knew Alexander was anxious about it but he didn’t realize that it would make him miserable.

Alexander couldn’t disobey his teacher. Léopold told him that he had to be cooperative during the audience… If he didn’t get up, what would happen? Would they forbid him to see Léopold again?

He felt his cheeks blushing, his eyes filling up with tears. He could feel his bladder weakening. He wouldn’t make it to the toilets. He was going to have an accident in front of everyone.

He tried to hold his pee with his hands tightened on his crotch. But the minute he rose from his chair he felt a long spurt coming out, running along his legs. He tried to stop the flow but it was already too late. He felt a succession of long spurts coming out. He couldn’t hold it any longer. A strong stream of pee hit the floor with noise as a large puddle surrounded his wet shoes.

Everybody was looking at him with surprise. How come the biggest bad boy of the school could look so vulnerable?

Alexander felt lumps in his throat. He had an accident during his disciplinary audience…

But he soon felt an arm around his shoulder, leading him to the door. He could see Léopold’s sweet smile as they both disappeared in the corridor.

*007*2016-12-11 12:38

Here's a new chapter (finally!). I hope you will like it. Please let me know in a little review! :)

Chapter 5

Léopold and Alexander were walking silently along the corridors toward the infirmary. Alexander was holding a scream in his throat. He wanted to be anywhere else but in school where he was exposed to every gaze. His trousers were so wet from his accident that he couldn’t fool anyone. He had to refrain his need to cry. He had to hold the madness that was threatening to invade him. Léopold’s hand pushing him gently but firmly toward helped him keeping the control over himself.

Hopefully they were walking fast and they didn’t meet any curious gaze. Léopold was panicking, he had to go back to the audience but he didn’t want to leave the child on his own. He knew the teen needed to be supported on this particular moment but he didn’t have time. He had to go back and defend Alexander’s case before Mr. Bryant claimed the child’s guilt. He had to make sure his child needs would be respected.

When they finally arrived in front of the infirmary’s door Léopold waited a minute before knocking. He turned the boy to him and looked in his teary eyes with confidence.

“I can’t stay with you, boy. You just wait for me here. I promise it will be all right. You did well in there. And don’t worry, this little accident will be soon forgotten. Go get cleaned up and wait for me, I’ll pick you up soon to go hear the final judgement and then we’ll go straight home. Ok?” Léopold said softly.

Alexander couldn’t say a word, the enormous lump in his throat was threatening to explode. He simply nodded his head before entering into the room. As the first time Léopold took Alexander to the infirmary, the nurse looked completely used to the scene, as if it was a repeating scenario.

“You know the way, dear.” She only said to Alexander with a smile.

Léopold noticed Alexander’s cheeks reddened before he disappeared behind the curtains where the beds and the bathroom were situated.

He clearly didn’t have time to ask for any information on what seemed to be a habit to Alexander and the nurse, he had to save the kid’s future from Mr. Bryant’s crave of revenge.

When he finally entered the audience room again everyone inside went quiet. Every conversations ended suddenly. The air was heavy and Mr. Bryant red face let Léopold know that there had been a conflict of opinion while he was out. After a few seconds of awkward silence, Mrs Adam invited him to join them for the discussion.

Léopold sat back to his chair, ready to fight hard.

“We already started the discussion while you were away, Mr Blanchot.” Said Mrs Adam “Mr Bryant is asking for the definitive exclusion of Alexander but Mr Carver, the English teacher, wishes to keep him schooled here. It would be lightening for everyone if you could share your experience with Alexander. It would help everybody to make a proper decision.” She continued.

“Of course, I will help you as much as I can to give you all the informations you need. What do you want to know?” asked Léopold.

“First of all, I would like to return to the incident we all witnessed here if you don’t mind?” asked the psychologist “I was very surprised. I participated to a lot of disciplinary audiences and I’ve seen a lot of stressed children but this difference of behaviour between the usual rebellious Alexander and the vulnerable Alexander we saw today is incredible. You lived with the boy for two weeks now. How would you explain Alexander’s behaviour during the audience?” she asked softly.

“It is indeed incredible… The boy was faking for sure…” moaned Mr Bryant.

@@“Unlike you, I would not say that Alexander’s vulnerability is incredible. On the contrary. Alexander is a teenager who lived multiple experiences of bad treatment in the past, he had to build himself on his own, and the only reaction he could have, until these last two weeks, was violence. As an alone child, left with no parental figure, he had no choice to express his vulnerability but with opposition. He always has seen himself as an abandoned child, a child that had to build himself against the untrustworthy adult. In other words, his only way to stand in life was to fight. What could he do besides that? Fall apart with no one looking at him? Letting himself be a child when no one would care for him? No. I want you to understand that Alexander had no choice but to express his child needs through violence. In the end, these two weeks made me realize that violence is exactly the same as this confession of weakness we all saw today. Since he is staying with me, I saw his violence turning into infantile acts. The difference is not in his acts, rebellion or vulnerability, but in the absence or the presence of the adult. You have to realize, as I did these past two weeks, that the responsibility is ours. Alexander has always been crying for help during these years of violence. He has not change, but the way we look at him does, his cries and his urinal accident are today’s crying for help. He finally can act like a child because we are looking at a child and no more at an only violent student. What changed is that he is finally authorized to be a kid, just a kid.” Said Léopold with confidence.

“Are you saying that it is my fault if Alexander punched me?!” asked Mr Bryant banging his fist on the table.

@@“I actually am. Not only yours, don’t get me wrong. But I am saying that Alexander’s past behaviour is all our fault, adults’ fault. It was said that you reacted to Alexander’s question during your class by a very negative response. If I remember well, you said to Alexander that his place was in the streets. You, the adult, refused to educate the child. You refused him the right to be in school, where children are considered as children under the stability of the adult. Moreover, you said to him that he belonged to the streets. The streets is a place, in the general representation that is, of instability and violence. The streets is a vacant place where you can’t be a child but only an independent fighter. In other words, you told him that he had no right to be educated, no right to be a child. I’m very sorry if that thought makes you responsible but I do believe that Alexander’s behaviour is a natural, and then excusable, consequence of your words, words that became an act of exclusion of the child from the children place.” Answered calmly Léopold.

Mr. Bryant tried to confront Léopold with words but his only response was a terrible moan and a face reddening furiously.

There was a heavy silence during which Mrs Adam took frantic notes on her notebook. Léopold looked around and noticed, besides Mr Bryant obvious rage, the psychologist sweet smile and a discreet wink of an eye from his colleague Mr Carver.

“Before I give my final statement, I would like you to give me the outlines of your life with Alexander. How is it going? You said that you discovered a vulnerable child?” Mrs Adam asked.

“At first Alexander fought a lot against his child’s needs. He was always so used to be suspicious about the adult figure that it took some time to make him believe that he could act as every child, to rest on me. But incrementally Alexander became more and more confident. The violence has been replaced by an extreme fragility. As I said earlier, Alexander is finally allowed to be a child and it’s a bit chaotic. He is experimenting his forbidden weakness and he is finally losing control. I sometimes feel like I am in front of an 8 years old kid, and sometimes the raging teen comes back. We are settling the balance between the early childhood he never experienced and the suspicious teenager he has been for too long. It’s a work in progress but Alexander is moving forward.” He answered.

“When you are saying ‘early childhood’, could you tell us more specifically how it is manifesting in the daily life?” she asked.

Léopold hesitated for a few seconds. He didn’t want to say this in front of Mr Bryant. He could easily imagine Mr Bryant using these informations to humiliate the kid in class.

Mrs Adam understood Léopold’s reluctance and asked Mr Bryant to leave the room.

“What you have witnessed today is not an isolated accident. Since the first night he slept at my house he has wet the bed. These accidents make him become very childish. He cries a lot after peeing the bed, it wakes up a profound wound. Moreover, he suddenly became in need of hugging and physical contacts in general. Every time it happens it seems that the boy is looking to make up for the lost times. Times of early childhood he never experienced.” He answered.

“I see. I now understand your opinion about adult’s responsibility in Alexander’s behaviour. He seems to express a need that was waiting to be heard for a long time.” She said “And do you think that what you are offering Alexander will be enough to prevent his violent behaviour to come back?” she asked, serious.

“I do, madam. I’m not saying that it will be easy nor that it will be instantly fixed, but I believe that with work Alexander will learn to be just a kid.” He answered.

“Thank you, sir. I think we are done.” She said before inviting Mr Bryant in again.

Mr Bryant seemed to be understanding very well that he had lost the battle. He sat back on his chair with a defeated attitude.

“I will leave you for a few minutes to look over my note before my final statement. It will leave you enough time to get Alexander, Mr Blanchot.” She said before leaving the room followed by Léopold.

Léopold felt confident on the way to the infirmary. He did his maximum to defend the boy’s needs. The teen that walked out the door seemed to feel the opposite, he had reddened eyes and his breathe was loud.

“It will be all right, boy.” Said Léopold, reassuring.

They walked fast, Léopold didn’t want to make a bad impression by arriving late. He didn’t notice the boy shaking nervously behind him. But he suddenly felt a timid and clammy hand tighten his own. He almost stop his walk with surprise. But he only tightened the boy’s hand in return, willing to share his own confidence.

When they finally arrived in front of the audience room’s door Léopold tried to let go of Alexander’s hand but the boy’s grip went stronger.

“I’m sorry Alexander but you will have to let go of Mr Blanchot’s hand just until the end of the audience.” Said a woman’s voice behind them. The boy startled at the interruption. He let go of his teacher’s hand with a little blush. “It will be quick, I promise.” She continued, gently.

They all entered the room plunged into silence. Léopold sat to his chair while Mrs Adam stayed standing. Alexander went to his chair but suddenly blushed. He had almost forgotten his accident… The chair was completely wet with pee. He didn’t know what to do. He started panicking. What if his accident influenced the verdict? What if his wetting made them all want to kick him out of school? What if they suddenly all decided to kick him out of Mr Blanchot’s house as a punishment for his incapacity of holding his pee? He shook his head, it was not the time to panic. He rose his head to Léopold who immediately understood his discomfort and pointed another chair to the boy. Alexander was about to sit down on a dry chair when Mr Bryant interrupted his move.

“Why don’t you sit back there?” he asked meanly “You’re afraid of wetting your pants again, Alexander?” he continued sadistically.

Alexander suddenly felt his fists shake with hunger. He wanted to kill the man. What a fucking bitch, he thought. His heart was beating faster. He was already seeing the scenario in his head, the punch in Bryant’s big nose. The feeling of satisfaction by seeing the man bleed on the floor…

“If you can’t stand the boy in front of you, you should just get out Mr Bryant.” Said Léopold, interrupting Alexander’s fantasy.

“Mr Bryant, would you please get out of the room?” asked Mrs Adam sharply “I can’t accept such a behaviour in my audience.” She threatened.

“I am the victim here, do you remember?” Bryant said, raging.

“Maybe in your opinion, sir. But in mine you are more a tormentor than a victim. So, and I won’t repeat it again, get out of the room please.” She continued.

We heard the door slamming behind the maths teacher and it all went silent again.

“As I said earlier, I’m going to say the definitive statement.” She said more softly. “We heard Mr Bryant point of view, Alexander’s and finally Mr Blanchot’s.” she continued. “I can’t say what Mr Blanchot said about you, Alexander, but you should only know that you are in very good hands.” She said, smiling. She was apparently really moved by the situation. “It became obvious to me that the responsibility in what happened with your maths teacher is not entire your own. I realize well enough that Mr Bryant had, and still has, an inappropriate behaviour toward you. But what I also understand is that you have anger issues, Alexander. You need to work seriously on that if you don’t want to meet me again. And next time you won’t escape the expulsion… In other words, you are authorized to stay in school. But beware, you are strictly supervised from now on and the next little bewilderment will definitely lead you to another disciplinary audience. Did I make myself clear?” she finally asked.

“Yes madam.” Answered Alexander, feeling suddenly relieved.

It all happened so fast after the statement was finally said. Mrs Adam was the first to leave the room, she informed a furious Mr Bryant who could be heard moaning along his way to the school’s exit. Léopold and Alexander were soon the only ones left in the room. Alexander couldn’t stop smiling blissfully. He didn’t even notice Léopold putting out a roll of absorbent paper and a bottle of bleach from a storage cupboard in the corner of the room. Only when he heard his teacher pulling the shameful chair he woke up from his daydreaming.

As he saw his teacher unrolling the paper he suddenly felt back the guilt. He had had an accident in his pants during his disciplinary audience… He rose from his chair, blushing more and more as he approached his teacher.

“Stop… Please…” he murmured as his teacher was leaning to the wet chair.

“Pardon me?” asked Léopold confused, he didn’t hear the boy’s soft voice.

“Please, stop. I am… So ashamed.” The boy answered, biting his lip.

“Let me do it, my boy. You had enough to endure today.” Said Léopold gently.

“I’m so sorry… I embarrassed you today…” the teen continued.

“What nonsense are you saying?” said Léopold as he through the dirty papers in the bin next to him “You never embarrassed me, boy. Never.” He added before taking the teen in his arms, caressing his hair with a hand. They stayed in that position for a few minutes before the boy, of course, felt suddenly ashamed of his own sensation of abandon in his teacher’s embrace.

The ride back to the house went calmly. They were both relieved and needed the silence to appreciate the end of this eventful morning.

Alexander went immediately into the hot shower to clean up his horrible accident. He could now feel at ease, the most difficult event had passed. Léopold even told him that he could watch a little television after his shower. His teacher didn’t even mention his accident since they left school after the audience, that was a relief. He could finally rest and let his mind go away from everyday concerns.

The rest of the day went quietly, between television and homework. By 9 p.m. they both were already asleep, tired by their morning.

It was the same routine in the morning, Alexander woke up in wet sheets. He went under the shower while Léopold took the sheets away. As the teacher was leaving the kid’s bedroom toward the washing machine, he noticed a plastic bag on the floor. He picked it up and opened it, he discovered the pair of wet trousers from the audience. He decided to make a full laundry of Alexander’s clothes. Léopold usually let the boy make his own laundry but he didn’t want the boy to remember once again the horrible souvenir of the audience’s accident.

He opened the boy’s laundry basket and startled as the smell of pee hit him. He didn’t understand, he was the one who washed the wet sheets every morning… How could the basket smell like this? He went through the basket and discovered different pairs of trousers marked by a darker patch, sometimes bigger than others, on the bottom. As he nervously went through the basket he discovered a dozen of panties and briefs marked by a yellow patch, here again sometimes big, sometimes the size of an inch.

He stood in front of the open laundry basket, confused. How could he have not seen it? And how could the kid have not say a word?

After the confusion came the anger. He asked the boy so many times, and Alexander inevitably answered “No”. No it was not a habit. It was just an accident, every time. How could the boy lie like this?

This time the boy would have to talk. Léopold couldn’t just protect the boy from his own wetting problem. Not now that it was obviously a real problem.

He was still frowning at the basket, split between confusion, deception, anger and guilt, when he heard the boy’s little scream. Léopold rose his strict gaze to Alexander’s.

“We need to talk, boy.” Said Léopold, firmly.

*014*2017-06-27 12:37

Hello everyone !

Thank you for your lovely reviews from december, it meant a lot to me.

As you can see, I took my time... I'm sorry to be such a slow writer ! But, if some are still interested, I decided to finish the story in the next chapter. I will post the final chapter next week.

I hope some of you will still want to read Alexander's adventures !

I wish you all a great day and thank you for your patience !

*015*2017-06-27 20:10

Hello (again) everyone ! I know I said in my previous message that the final chapter wouldn't be out before days but I finally did it all today so here it is. I hope you'll like it. At first I wanted to continue this story for some time but as I can't ever respect a writing schedule, I decided to stop it here.

I'll try to do some one shot stories in the future, that way I won't have to worry about the delay.

Please tell me what you think about Léopold and Alexander in a review ! Have a good reading !

Chapter 6

Alexander froze as he saw his teacher above his laundry basket. He thought that he could keep this secret for ever. He felt absolutely mortified. He was so ashamed. What would Léopold say? What would he do with him?

Léopold defended him a few hours earlier in the audience room back in school, saying that the teen was growing. Now he was facing the truth: Alexander was never growing but only regressing. Alexander could imagine himself in a dormitory filled with abandoned kids, left alone with his own misery. In a second he saw Léopold driving him to the nearest orphanage, not willing to have to face a little brat’s pee issues.

He could barely hear his teacher saying “We need to talk, my boy”. He was blinded by his own fear and disappointment. Before he could even realize it he was running out the room, running out the house, running out the neighborhood, running out nowhere. He just couldn’t stop running from himself. He had to erase him from this world. He had to erase all the memories of this life he had been living with his teacher. Nothing ever happened. His teacher’s love never existed. Mr. Blanchot learned to love a lie, not him, not Alexander the little-boy-who-peed-his-pants. His teacher only loved an accident, not a permanent Alexander.

The teen didn’t see where he was running to, he was just running away. Around him he could see streets multiplying and the sky getting rainy. He was completely lost, for sure. But the boy didn’t care. On the contrary, Alexander was willing to be lost. He wished that nobody could ever find him. Especially not Léopold.

Before Léopold could even realize it, the kid was gone. He cried to the boy to come back immediately but Alexander didn’t even turn back. The teen was running out the house with such a determination and speed that the teacher knew there was no point going after him. The boy obviously needed some time on his own. But Léopold was furious. The kid could not just run away to avoid being scolded every time he lied or did something stupid. Plus, it was a school day today.

The man didn’t realize how bad the situation was. For Léopold the boy was just too proud to be treated as a kid, too proud to be under his teacher’s care. Indeed Alexander was scared of his teacher. But not to confront a “spank on the bum”, as Léopold thought the boy was, but because he thought the adult would not want him anymore.

Léopold decided to wait for the boy’s return, trying not to get too mad. As he called the school to prevent his and Alexander’s absence for the day, he remembered the school nurse. He asked the administration to pass her on the phone. After a few seconds, a sweet voice answered.

“Hello ?” said Laura, the school nurse.

“Hello Laura, it’s Léopold, the french teacher.” said the man.

“Hello Léopold.” she responded, “I heard that you are in charge of Alexander now and that the audience went well yesterday. That’s great !” she said with a smile.

“Yes, thank you. I’m actually calling to talk about Alexander. I noticed yesterday that you seem to know him very well. Am I wrong ?” he asked.

“Well, I don’t know if I know him that well because he remains silent most of the time, but I see him almost everyday at the infirmary.” she said.

“Almost everyday ?” replied Léopold who could not integrate that the peeing issues were so frequent despite his discovery in the laundry basket, “Could you tell me why ?”

“Well… Alexander asked me to keep our meetings between him and me, Léopold, and I have to respect the confidentiality clause...” she answered, split between her wish to respect the boy’s demand and her wish to help Léopold in his new relationship with Alexander.

“I understand, Laura. But maybe you could just tell me if it is linked with his peeing issues ?” he asked, willing to understand what was going on in his child’s life.

“I couldn’t say the contrary.” she finally said, relieved to hear that Léopold already knew.

“Do you mean that Alexander is wetting his pants everyday ?”

“It began very vaguely at first. He came to me one or two times the year he arrived in this school, he was 12 then. The next year it was a bit more, like three or four times. And as this year goes by it becomes more and more frequent.” she said.

“Did he ever told you why it happens ?” Léopold finally asked.

“Never. He doesn’t want to talk about it and I won’t force him. But, as I see it, Alexander never experienced a normal childhood and his vulnerability must express itself this way. It’s funny how as violence grew in himself the frequency of the accidents grew as well.” she added. “He never talked to me, but I can see he’s suffering. It’s such a good thing that you decided to take care of him, Léopold.” she continued, softly.

“I don’t know if I’ll succeed...” replied Léopold, feeling guilty. He didn’t even realize what was going on under his own roof. He made the kid run away. He could now feel guilt and fear overwhelming him.

“You already did, Léopold.” she said gently.

“Well, thank you for answering my questions, Laura. I have to go now.” he finally said, willing to end this horrible conversation.

After hanging up the phone, Léopold took his head in his hands with fury. He was now furious at him. How could he have not seen all this ? How could he have let the poor boy deal with all this by himself ?

He realized that when the boy would return home, he would have to talk and not only scold the boy for leaving the house. He had to make him comfortable enough to tell him what was wrong. He had to make him feel that he could be a real dad.

Not capable to stay with his thoughts, he decided to wash the boy’s dirty clothes before his return. As he took the dirty clothes to the washing machine, he noticed how many boxers and panties were marked by pee. He realized that the boy must have peed himself in his own classroom without him noticing it. He had been so blind!

On the other side of town, Alexander was still running, tears running down his cheeks. After about one hour of running through the streets, he arrived at the train station. He stopped and erased the remaining tears. He had to wake up from this nightmare. He had to go anywhere but here. He entered the train station and looked up the departures screen. There was a train going to London leaving in one hour, another one was leaving in 18 minutes to Brixton. He thought about it and realized that he didn’t have enough money to buy a ticket. He didn’t mind defraud but the train controllers would call Léopold and bring him back to his teacher. And he didn’t want to face his teacher ever again.

After a few minutes of thinking, he realized that the better place for him now was his first place, the orphanage. He could meet his ‘friends’, people that knew exactly who he was and what he was: a lost cause. At least he would feel home there.

He was of course bitter when he thought about coming back to those who made him feel the loneliest boy on earth. But at least they were not lying to him. He was alone and forever will be after what Léopold found out.

On the way to the bus stop that would lead him to the orphanage, Alexander came across a grocery store. He came in and decided to celebrate his return home with some whiskey.

He entered the shop and went to the alcohol alley and, after looking left to right to be sure that nobody was seeing him, he hided a small bottle of a cheap whiskey into his jacket’s inside pocket. To be sure not to be suspected, he bought a bottle of coke and smiled innocently to the merchant before leaving the store.

He took a seat at the end of the bus taking him back to his ‘family’ and began to party. He drunk a few sips and tried not to think about what he was leaving behind him. He tried to forget his teacher’s smile. He tried to escape the man’s hugs he could still feel. He had to accept the reality: he was not made for a normal family. On the other side, he had a family of lost causes waiting for him at the orphanage. As Bryant said, he already had a place where he fitted perfectly well.

He looked at his watch, 10:02. He couldn’t help but ask himself what was doing Léopold. He was certainly at school, relieved to be free from the annoyance he was.

Léopold had finished the laundry for a while now and was starting to feel sickly worried. He looked at his watch for a hundred time, 10:02. First he was sure the boy would be home about thirty minutes after he left the house. He understood the boy needed some time alone, but now it was not okay.

He couldn’t stop but imagine the worst. What if the boy had had a car accident ? What if the boy had been kidnapped ? What if the boy had done something fatal to himself ?

He wanted to be there when the boy returned home but now he wasn’t even sure the boy would come back home.

It took him thirty seconds to grab his jacket and car keys and step out of the house.

He didn’t know where to go but he had to go find the boy. He first tried school. Maybe the boy was skipping school with his friends. After driving around the school three times, Léopold gave up; the boy was not here. He then decided to go to the music store he knew Alexander liked but he was not there and the seller had not seen him. He went through all the city center streets for almost an hour but the kid was nowhere.

He parked and tried not to panic. His hands tightened to the steering wheel, Léopold could feel tears coming up his eyes. He felt sick. He couldn’t ever forgive himself if anything would happen to his boy. He couldn’t help but ask himself how he could he have fail the boy this much.

After a few minutes of pure despair, it hit him. The boy had return to his orphanage. Of course ! The boy was denying his new family and returned back to the lost causes, Léopold thought.

He looked at his watch, 12:13.

He started the car and drove, way above the limited speed, to the orphanage.

Alexander was having a few tokes of a joint. He looked at his watch, 12:13. It has been almost two hours now that he had found his old friends. He remembered perfectly the hiding place they used to go when he lived in the orphanage.

They were all there, his old family. They welcomed him pretty harshly but he was used to the violence. The violence was the way of existing in that place.

“Hey Genius ! You were tired of sucking dicks at your genius school so you came back to the real people ?” yelled one of them as he saw him arriving.

They didn’t seem so happy to seen him back but as soon as Alexander showed his bottle of whiskey, they all welcomed him with smiles. Everything seemed to be in order at last, thought Alexander.

But after explaining what happened to him (avoiding to talk about the peeing in pants issue, of course), the group of young men around him split in two sides : one was congratulating him for leaving his teacher’s house and the other was despising him really badly.

“You said no to a man who wished to make you his son? You’re fucking stupid, Alex !” yelled one of them.

“You really want to hang in a group of bastards like us ? You moron ! You had a chance to live a real life and you blew it. You’re so fucking stupid, man !” someone else added.

“Hey ! This fucking teacher doesn’t want me, all right ?!” said Alexander furiously, “He wants a good kid that behave properly. I’m not that kid and never will be !” he added.

“I guess you’re not a genius, after all. You’re just a stupid asshole.” replied the first young man before taking the joint.

Alexander remained silent. The group had already forgotten his story and went back to their discussion about Rihanna and her big ass. But Alexander couldn’t forget what was said. He couldn’t ignore any longer his huge sadness. Even the drunkenness couldn’t make him forget what he had lost. He wished now his teacher would have come after him, that he would have forced him not to escape. Alexander imagined Léopold going to lunch, saying goodbye to his students, feeling finally at ease now that the boy was out of his life. He looked at his watch again, 12:27. At 12:27, the reality he discovered at his teacher’s house was over.

On that thought, he took an endless sip of whiskey. He wished to get drunk until he could not remember anything from these last few weeks, especially the last furious gaze of his teacher on him this morning.

As he arrived at the orphanage, Léopold went inside to discover that Alexander never came here. The teacher couldn’t hide his disappointment, he was so confident about it.

As he went out to get to his car, he heard a distant sound of music. He regain hope and followed silently the music. As he got closer to the source of music, he recognize Rihanna’s voice. He followed the voice until he arrived behind a condemned building. As he turned around he discovered a group of young men, from 15 to 17 years old he would say, smoking joints and drinking beers and looking to a smartphone while making obscene gestures. Apparently they were enjoying Rihanna’s figure, he thought with irony. After a second, he noticed a young man furiously drinking a bottle of whiskey. It took him a second to realize that behind that bottle was his young, so young, Alexander. His suddenly felt his blood boiling in his veins.

Without even knowing what he was doing, at 12:27 exactly, Léopold walked firmly to the boy, grabbed the bottle from Alexander’s mouth and threw it to the opposite wall. The bottle broke in a violent crash.

The boy didn’t even realize what happened before he felt the first slap on his bum. Being firmly held by his teacher’s right arm forcing him to bend over, Alexander couldn’t escape the frightening and humiliating spanking to be done.

At first, the boy remembered his friends around him and tried to escape his teacher with violence and rage, but he finally realized who was giving him the spank and started feeling like a little boy. Finally, without even realizing it, he gave up and started sobbing frenetically. Neither did he realize that at the same time he let go of his tears, he also let go of his bladder. He couldn’t even feel the continuous stream of pee wetting his pants.

Léopold could not accept his boy to destroy himself with alcohol, not when you are a 14 year old kid, thought Léopold as he held the boy to spank him. This kid had to realize that he his into somebody’s hands, the teacher thought. But then Léopold noticed a patch of pee appearing on the kid’s pants. The man removed his hand to the boy’s bum and plunged it to the kid’s messy hair, holding him to his chest. The boy was now acting like a kid, he thought, as his anger was replaced by worry.

He let the boy pee himself and sob until the end before turning Alexander to him and hug him tenderly.

“It’s over, baby”, Léopold said softly. “No more escape now.”

Alexander was still crying softly, not capable of saying a word. He could only feel his teacher’s chest welcoming him. He couldn’t, or didn’t want to, move an inch. His teacher must have understand because he rose him from the floor and grabbed him tightly with both arms. Léopold could feel the boy’s face against his neck and arms gripping around his shoulders.

Before going back to his car, he turned to the silent group of young men. They all froze as Léopold spanked Alexander and Rihanna was now completely mute.

“I’m warning you all, if I ever have to get my kid back here, I will spank each of you with a bat. Is that clear ?” he yelled with a very deep voice, looking strictly into every young man’s eyes.

“Yes, sir.” said an intimidated group.

On the way back to the car, Alexander fell asleep into his teacher’s arms. Léopold opened the backseat door and lied the boy on the seats. He drove slowly, trying not to wake the boy up.

Léopold got out of the car and tried to get a sleeping Alexander out of the car without waking him up but the boy looked up at his teacher. Léopold tried not to show his surprise when Alexander tended his arms to him, willing to be hold. He took the boy back in his arms and entered the house silently. Alexander eyes were closed again.

As Léopold lied the boy in his bed and tried to break the embrace, Alexander moaned softly :

“Please don’t let go of me yet, dad. Be my dad a little longer.”

Léopold would have been completely shocked if he hadn’t smell the scent of cheap whiskey coming out of the teen’s mouth. Obviously the kid was drunk. But Léopolod didn’t want to deal with it yet. He wanted to be a dad a little longer.

He waited for Alexander to be profoundly asleep before stepping out of the room. He was in the living-room, correcting some papers for school, when he heard Alexander’s room door opening noisily. He got up his chair and went up to check on the boy when he saw the bathroom door wide open and the boy knelt down the toilet, vomiting. The boy was trembling and sweating.

Or at least, Léopold had thought it was only sweat. Alexander’s t-shirt was wet and, after a more precise look, Léopold could see his pants were too; the boy had peed his pants during his nap.

Léopold went to the sick boy and rubbed his back tenderly. Alexander was so weakened, he didn’t even try to push him back. But the teacher knew that the reddened cheeks and the boy’s tears were not only a consequence of vomiting.

“Let it all go, my boy. It’ll be over soon.” Léopold said, softly.

After a moment the vomiting calmed down. The man wet a towel and swabbed Alexander’s face and neck to help him cool down. At the feeling of cold wet the boy suddenly woke up. He had peed himself during the spanking. And he had peed himself during his nap.

“I…” he started, trembling.

“Yes ?” asked the man.

“I’m so sorry about… me peeing my pants.” Alexander continued, tears in his eyes.

“It’s all right, baby.” the man said, softly.

“I… I didn’t mean to. I don’t know why it happened. I’m sorry.” the teen added.

“I think the spank made you remember that your are a child, therefore you wet your pants. And for the nap, you were sleeping, in other words you wet the bed. It happened before and it’s all right.” Léopold said, reassuring.

“I… I promise it won’t happen again, sir. I will never pee my pants again, I swear.” the boy cried.

“Be careful, kid. I don’t want you to lie to me anymore. I know you have peed your pants frequently now and I won’t ever scold you if it happens again. But I will never stand lies. Is it understood ?” he asked firmly and gently.

“But… I don’t want to… I don’t want to wet my pants.” said the teen, shaking.

“I know you don’t want to, baby. But it’s not going to disappear by hiding your wet clothes. If you wet your pants I want to know so I can help you. Do you understand ?”

Alexander nodded, crying a little. Léopold pushed the tears away and kissed him in the forehead before stepping outside the room.

“Clean yourself up, my boy. I’m waiting for you downstairs to talk about that and about your little trip this morning. You have some explaining to do.” the man said before closing the door behind him and getting down.

About half an hour later, Alexander arrived in the living-room. The boy looked exhausted.

“Can I have an aspirin, please ?” he asked, red faced.

“It’s more painful that it seems to drink whiskey, isn’t it ?” replied the man before getting a medicine and a glass of water from the kitchen.

The boy didn’t answer and sat down at the table, facing his teacher, looking ashamed.

“I’m sorry about this morning. I shouldn’t have take off like that.” the boy mumbled.

“Indeed you shouldn’t have. What were you thinking exactly ?” the man asked, trying to stay calm.

“I… I don’t know. I thought you wouldn’t want me here since… Since you saw that… I pee my pants...” the boy answered, ashamed.

“Why would you think such a thing?” the man asked, in shock.

“Because I’m 14 and I shouldn’t be peeing myself.” he said, angry at himself.

“First of all, stop being so angry at yourself. Second of all, what do you know about 14 years old boys’ peeing ? Moreover, there’s no moral when it comes to wetting yourself. If you do there’s a reason, but there is absolutely no fault. Do you understand ?” replied his teacher, serious.

“You’re not disappointed in me?” the teen asked, lowering his head.

“Look at me, boy.” he said, waiting for Alexander to look up, “You peeing yourself will never disappoint me, never.” he said.

“You don’t want a bigger boy ?” the teen asked.

“I don’t want any other boy than you, kid.” the man answered.

They finally talked more openly about Alexander’s wetting and the boy promised to tell his teacher whenever it would happen in the future.

They, of course, talked about the running away and the drinking whiskey issue and the teen was grounded until the end of the month : no television, no exiting the house, no cell phone.

The boy promised never to lie again to his teacher, but Leopold knew he would, because after all, he was just a kid.

After diner, which was vomited almost instantly by a hang overed Alexander, they both went to bed.

As usual, Léopold went tucking Alexander in his bed. He seemed to Léopold that the boy’s eyes were different that night. The boy didn’t avoid his teacher’s gaze, for once. He was actually the one who asked for a goodnight kiss in the forehead. He timidly pointed his forehead with his index, his face reddening. After a moment of hugging, Léopold got up and wished the boy sweet dreams.

As Léopold turned off the light and stepped out the room, he heard a distinct “Good night, dad”. Maybe it wasn’t just the alcohol after all.

They both went to sleep that night feeling that they were from now on and forever a family.

22:03, a new era.

The End

