SOMEONE WHO CARES

Author: Valandrea

*005*2016-03-08 17:26

Here is the next chapter ! I hope you will like it. :)

Chapter 4

The week that followed the bed accident went calmly. Alexander and Léopold were learning to live together. The teen didn’t even had anger crisis yet. He seemed to put a lot of efforts to behave himself. Sometimes, he still shut himself from his teacher, but the man could see he was really trying to make this new family working.

Léopold was happy to see that the bedwetting had not last. After the first night, the boy had woke up in dry pyjamas. The man was relieved.

This Saturday night, Alexander and Léopold watched a movie, eating popcorn. Of course, the boy’s choice of dvd had not surprised the teacher: Fight Club. Then, they went to sleep, following the same chucking up and kissing on the forehead habit.

It was around 12 a.m. and Léopold couldn’t go to sleep. He was turning in his bed for almost an hour now. He gave up and decided to go to the living room to work on an article he had to give to the University of Glasgow. He sometimes had insomnia and he always worked better during the night.

He went down the stairs very quietly, not willing to wake up the boy. When he was finally downstairs, Léopold prepared himself a cup of coffee and sat at the living-room table with his laptop and his books. After about an hour, the man heard some steps on the stairs. Apparently the boy couldn’t sleep as well.

At first, the boy didn’t realize that he was not alone in the room. Léopold looked at him, confused. Alexander was holding a big amount of sheets in his arms, which was almost big enough to hide the small boy completely.

Suddenly Alexander noticed the light was on. He turned on himself and looked around until facing his teacher’s gaze. Alexander startled and felt blushing. He gripped his amount of sheets more tightly.

“What on earth are you doing, Alexander?” asked Léopold with incomprehension.

“I… I couldn’t sleep so I decided to do the laundry…” replied the boy, feeling his heart beat fast.

“You decided to do the laundry at 2 a.m.?” the man continued, astounded.

“Yeah… I didn’t want to wake you up in the morning so… I wanted to do it while you were asleep…” answered Alexander, feeling about to cry.

“Er… Okay then.” The adult said, surprised by the boy’s sudden need of cleanliness. He couldn’t be mad at Alexander for doing the laundry after all. “Let me help you with that, and then back to bed.” He pursued while standing up.

“No!” screamed Alexander, standing back furiously. He was starting to feel tears filling up his eyes.

Léopold stopped his movement, surprised. Maybe it was because of the late hour, but he couldn’t understand the fear in the boy’s eyes. And then it hit him, Alexander was hiding something in those sheets. He suddenly thought of the worst. Cigarettes? Alcohol? Drugs?

“Let go of these sheets now, Alexander!” Léopold said while coming toward the boy, threatening.

“No… Please…” replied the boy, shaking. But he couldn’t stand his teacher’s gaze any longer. He felt his hands loosen. The amount of linen fell on the floor in a matt noise.

Léopold immediately went through the sheets, but he stopped his gest almost at the same time. There were not only sheets but also panties in the pile. Wet panties, and wet sheets.

The man raised frowning eyebrows to the boy. Léopold didn’t understand. He was expecting bad boy stuff, and he was facing a child issue.

The boy was now crying silently, looking at his feet.

“Why… Why didn’t you say anything, Alexander?” the man asked, confused.

“I… I’m sorry…” the boy replied, shaking.

“No… I’m not scolding you, boy. I just want to understand.” Léopold said, regretting his last words.

The boy could feel his legs weaken. But before falling on the floor, his teacher grabbed him and raised him in his arms. Alexander instantly closed his own arms around the man’s neck. He could feel lumps in his throat.

“It’s all right, babe.” Léopold said, surprised by the spontaneity of his own choice of surname. “Cry, my dear boy. It’s all right.” He pursued, softly.

With the boy in his arms, Léopold sat down in an armchair. He shaved Alexander’s back until the boy calmed down. The adult could feel all the sadness leaving the boy’s body. He suddenly looked so small, so vulnerable. Léopold wanted to slap himself. How could he have not noticed the teen’s fragility?

Soon, the boy fell asleep in his teacher’s arms. Léopold brought him back to his room and tried to put the boy in his bed, but the boy’s grip on the adult’s neck didn’t weaken. The man finally decided to stay in the boy’s bed for the night, not willing to wake him up. He fell asleep quickly, with the boy on his chest.

When Alexander woke up this morning he could feel his eyes hurting. He had cried a lot the night before… The first thing he saw when he opened his eyes was his teacher sleeping in his bed. The boy suddenly felt so small beside this tall adult man. He knew he should be ashamed for having slept into his teacher’s arms that night, but he couldn’t stop feeling happy. At least until he realized his pyjamas were wet… He wanted to slap his own face. But he only moaned softly. Not softly enough apparently, the boy could see his teacher opening his eyes.

When Léopold woke up, he smiled happily to Alexander. He had a great sleep and almost forgot about last night. But he realized quickly that the boy was looking sad.

“What is it, my boy? Did you have a nightmare?” the man asked, worried.

Alexander seemed incapable to talk. He was about to cry, again.

“I…” he started. But it was too late. He began to sob.

“Alexander? What is it?” the adult asked.

“I’m sorry.” The boy answered, punching his duvet. He suddenly looked so mad at himself.

It was only when Léopold took the boy back to his chest that he understood. He could feel the back of the boy’s pyjamas; the boy had peed himself.

“It’s all right, my boy. Calm down.” The man said softly. “Let’s get you cleaned up.” He continued, standing up.

But the boy didn’t seem to be able to move. His teacher took the boy’s hands and tried to put him on his feet, but Alexander looked like he had lost all energy. Léopold didn’t take time to think more, he raised the teen in his arms and took him to the bathroom. Without letting the boy, the man ran the shower. Finally, Léopold put Alexander down, softly. The boy was still crying.

“It’s over, Alexander. You need to clean up now.” The adult said taking the boy’s chin in his hand.

But Alexander didn’t react. He felt like he was empty of energy. His teacher removed the boy’s shirt and his trousers. But Alexander still stood there, with no reaction. It was only when his teacher wet his face with a cold washcloth that the boy started to wake up. Alexander suddenly saw his teacher’s gaze; it was full of sweetness, but there was also worry in it.

“It’s all right, boy. It’s over. Go in the shower now. I bring you some clothes. Understood?” the man asked, troubled.

The boy nodded. When his teacher left the room he finally found enough energy to go under the hot shower. When Alexander got out, he found clean clothes on the floor. He quickly dressed up and went downstairs, anxious. His teacher was waiting for him at the kitchen table, he prepared breakfast.

“Come, my boy. Pancakes again, this morning?” Léopold asked.

“Yes… Thank you.” Alexander answered, still blushing.

They sat in front of their breakfast and began eating silently. But Léopold didn’t want to ignore what happened. They had to talk about all this.

“I know you don’t want to talk about it, Alexander, but we need to.” Began Léopold. “I noticed that there were four pairs of sheets and four panties in the pile of linen. And it’s been four nights since your first bedwetting accident. It means that you have peed your bed every night since you are here. Am I wrong?” the adult asked, gently.

“…”

“I don’t want to scold you for wetting your bed. I only want you to tell me the truth, boy. I can’t stand lies. And I can’t stand the idea of you dealing with this bedwetting problem alone. Do you understand?” the man pursued.

“Yes…” whispered the boy.

“I never want to see you hide wet sheets again. Is that clear?” said Léopold, serious.

“Yes, sir.” Answered the boy.

“Good. Now, I have to ask you if this kind of accidents happened in the past. Did you ever peed the bed before?” asked the teacher softly.

“No!” screamed Alexander, his cheeks burning.

“Calm down, boy. I’m just trying to understand what is going on, that’s all.” The man said.

“I didn’t wet my bed before.” The teen replied, harshly.

“All right, boy. Then, could you tell me, in your opinion, why it happens?” The man asked, gently.

“I don’t know!” the boy replied, angry.

“Are you scared in your new room?” the teacher asked.

“No! I’m not a kid!” replied Alexander.

“You are a kid, and it’s all right to be.” Said the man. “Now, tell me, do you have nightmares?” he pursued after a silence.

“Sometimes. I mean, like every one!”

“Do you have nightmares since you arrived in this house?” continued the man.

“Not really.” Said the boy looking annoyed by the conversation.

“I need to understand what’s going on, my boy, otherwise I won’t be able to help you.” Léopold said softly.

“I don’t want to talk about it anymore! I don’t need your help!” screamed Alexander, standing up.

“Listen carefully, boy. As long as you will be a child, you will need my help. And the very fact that you peed your bed from the first night in this house shows that you are indeed a child.” The teacher said, sharply. “Now sit back down, please.” He pursued.

The boy sat back on his chair, crossing his arms with anger.

“In my opinion, all these changes you are living since the beginning of the week confuse you. You need some time to adapt. And I’m sure that once you’ll feel more comfortable with this new situation you will stop peeing your bed. I’m sure it won’t last, my boy. But until then, I want you to tell me when it happens, all right?” the man said, softly. He didn’t wait for an answer he knew was not going to come. “You shouldn’t be worrying about all this. I’m sure it is just a phase of transition. And I’m here to help to go through this phase.” He pursued.

They remained silent for a moment, until Alexander asked to leave the table. The boy went to his room and decided to do his homework to change his mind. When he entered his room, he noticed his bed was clean again. He sat at the desk and started to work on his English assignment for the day after. About an hour later, he heard his teacher knocking on his door.

“Yes?” he invited, timidly.

“I have to run some errands. Will you be okay on your own during half an hour?” Léopold asked.

“Of course.” The teen replied.

“I’ll be back soon. Do not make stupid things while I’m gone.” The man said while getting out.

Half an hour later, Léopold came back. It was time to prepare lunch.

“Alexander, come eat please.” Called Léopold from the kitchen.

As the teen arrived, he could see sandwiches on the table. But he could also notice a huge plastic bag on the floor. He was too curious to know what was inside to hold his tongue.

“What did you buy?” the teen asked, sitting in front of his teacher.

“I bought bed pads. It’s a sort of plastic sheet that you put under the sheets to protect the mattress if you pee your bed. That way you won’t wet your mattress if you have an accident at night.” The man replied.

“Oh…” Alexander said, feeling ashamed. He wouldn’t have thought that his accidents would lead to a bed pad… The teen couldn’t even look at the plastic bag anymore. He felt so ashamed. Like for the little kids he had to protect his bed. If only his friends knew…

“The headmaster has send me an email, your disciplinary hearing is next Wednesday. You and I will have to prepare yourself for it.” Léopold said suddenly.

“What will I have to say?” the teen asked, happy to change the subject.

“A few people will ask some questions about your behaviour in school and you will have to convince them that you are sorry about what you have done in the past and that you will behave from now on. You will have to stay very calm and very cooperative if you want to stay in school.” The teacher said, serious.

“You will be there too?” he asked with a light of hope in his eyes.

“Yes, I will. I will try to convince them to let you stay as well.”

“Will I have to apologize again to Bryant?” the teen asked, annoyed.

“Mister Bryant.” Rectified Léopold. “And yes, you will have to apologize again. You will have to look very sorry if you want to have a chance to stay in school.” Answered Léopold.

“I’ll do my best.” Said Alexander.

The next few days went by as usual. Alexander wet his bed every night, and he gave up the idea of hiding it. His teacher woke him up every morning and looked at his sheets every time. Alexander was now used to be crying a little in his teacher’s arms after his accidents. However, Tuesday night was a bit different. It was the night before his audience, and Alexander went to bed feeling anxious.

He woke up in a scream at 2 a.m. in the morning. He had a horrible nightmare. The audience went really badly and Léopold kicked him out of his home, not willing to deal with a delinquent.

When he woke up, Alexander could feel sweat in his back. He felt completely lost. But a second after, he saw his teacher coming to him. He didn’t understand why but he almost ran into his teacher’s arms. At that moment he realized that it was not only sweat in his back… He had peed himself again.

Léopold took him into the bathroom and helped the boy clean up and change the sheets before putting him back to bed. The teen fell asleep in his teacher’s arms quickly.

The next morning, when Léopold woke him up, the boy had almost forgotten about his nightmare. But then he felt his wet sheets under him. It made him remember of his accident during the night. He realized that he had peed his bed twice this time…

Léopold didn’t say anything and helped him clean up as usual and waited for him in the kitchen for breakfast.

As the boy sat down in front of him, Léopold could see Alexander’s reddened eyes. The boy had cried a lot.

“Are you anxious about the audience, boy? Is that why you had a nightmare?” he asked softly.

“Yeah. I don’t want to be expelled…” Alexander replied, trembling.

“It’s all going to be fine. You just need to be honest.” Said the man, reassuring.

“I… I know I’m a disappointment. I don’t want you to expel me…” he admitted, lowering his head.

“What nonsense are you saying, my boy? You are no disappointment! And I will never expel you, whatever happens! Do you understand?” the man said, serious.

“You say that but… Last night…” continued the boy.

“What about last night? You had a nightmare, what’s wrong about that?” Léopold said, confused.

“You said that my accidents wouldn’t last… And I peed my bed twice…” the teen said in a voice broken with emotion.

“Oh, my boy. You had a nightmare. And you were anxious about the audience. Don’t worry about it anymore.” The man said softly. “The audience will go just fine and all will be forgotten, I promise.” He continued with a smile.

They ate quickly and headed to school. In the car, Léopold could see Alexander’s hands stir. The boy was clearly nervous.

“It’s all going to be all right, boy.” The man said while parking in front of the school.

They walked silently in the corridors and stopped in front of a door.

“I will be seating just in front of you. Try to stay calm. If you feel nervous, just look at me. I’ll be there during the whole meeting.” The man said, taking the boy’s chin in his hand.

Alexander felt like he was about to cry. He didn’t know why it scared him that much, but he could feel his heart beat strongly.

They entered the room together. There was the headmaster, Mr. Bryant, the school’s psychologist, his English teacher and a woman he didn’t know. She was the one to talk.

“Hello Mr Blanchot. Hello Alexander. Alexander, you can sit here.” She said, pointing a desk in front of them all. Léopold had join his colleagues in front of him.

Alexander sat down, glad to notice that the desk hided his nervous legs. He couldn’t help but shake.

“I am Mrs Adam, I am from the rectorate and I am here to lead this meeting. I will ask you some questions, and at the end, we will decide of you to stay in this school or to leave. Do you understand?” she asked, gently.

“Yes, I understand.” He replied, timidly.

As he answered, Alexander felt a small pinch in his bladder. He suddenly realized that he had not gone to the bathroom before the audience. He was feeling so anxious that he had forgotten he had to pee. The stress didn’t help him to keep his bladder calm.

“You know why you are here, don’t you?” the lady continued.

“Yes, I know.” He said.

“You are here because you hit your maths teacher, Mr Bryant. Do you realize that it is very serious?” she asked.

“I do. I’m very sorry to have done it.” Alexander said, putting a hand on his crotch. He could feel his bladder pinching harder now. Hopefully, nobody could see his hands under the desk. He looked at Léopold in despair, but the man just smiled at him softly.

“We already heard what Mr Bryant had to say about the incident. We want your version of the facts now. Can you explain to us what happened?” she asked.

“I was in class and Mr Bryant had gave us an exercise on equations. There was a question I didn’t understand so I raised my hand and asked him if he could explain to me. First, he ignored me. So I repeated my question. And then, he said that I had nothing to do in school, that I was a stupid kid that deserves to be put back in the streets. And then… I hit him.” Admitted Alexander.

As he finished his sentence, the boy could feel a drop of pee leaking in his panties. He immediately grabbed his crotch with both his hands. He could not have an accident right now…

“Do you think Mr Bryant deserved to be punched?” she continued while taking notes.

“I…” he hesitated. “I should have gone to the principal instead of punching Mr Bryant. I shouldn’t punch anybody.” He replied, feeling a second drop wet his panties.

“That’s right, you shouldn’t have punch your teacher.” She said. “Do you regret what you did?”

“I do, madam.” Alexander said. “I’m sorry Mr Bryant. I shouldn’t have punched you.” He added, looking at his maths teacher. He didn’t even believe even a second in what he was saying, but he wanted to get out of here so much that he didn’t care about lying. He had to get out before peeing his pants. He moaned silently while feeling a small spurt wetting his bottom.

“I am happy you realize your fault, Alexander.” She said gently. “But I can see on your file that this is not the first time you become violent in school.”

“I know… I’m sorry.” He said, tears in his eyes. He could feel his bums wet. He was so desperate to pee. He started to wriggle on his chair, trying to stop his need.

“Do you think that violence is a consequence of the way you lived before? Because you had no parent to look after you?” she asked.

“I… I don’t know…” he answered, completely focused on his crotch. He was squeezing his penis with all his strength, but he could still feel some drops coming out.

“I heard that you have moved to Mr Blanchot’s house last week. And that no incident happened since. Do you feel calmed down?”

“Yes. I am very happy to be with him. I don’t want to be expelled… It’s like I have a…” he suddenly stopped, feeling a long spurt wetting his panties. He was sure now that his jeans would show a spot of pee… How would he be able to hide it?

“Yes?”

“Er… It’s like I have… a family now.” He continued, feeling his cheeks blushing.

“Do you feel that it is what you have missed?”

“I…” he started, but he felt like losing control of his bladder. He could feel successive spurts wetting his panties. Even when he tried to scissor his legs, the spurts of pee didn’t stop. “I’m sorry…” he said, starting to cry. Hopefully, the flow stop before wetting the floor.

“What are you sorry about, Alexander?” she asked, worried.

“I’m sorry that I am still a child in the end.” He answered, sobbing.

“Do you mean that you needed someone like Mr Blanchot to treat you like a child?”

“Yes…”

“Listen, Alexander. I understand that your live was complicated and that you reacted with violence to protect yourself. I can understand. But now I need to know that you will behave. You are a smart student, it would be a shame to waste your possibilities. Don’t you think?” she asked.

Alexander nodded. He couldn’t talk. He looked at his pants in fear. He could see a large patch pee in the front of his trousers, and could feel that it was even worse on the back. When he looked at Léopold, he could see his teacher was worried. Everybody looked surprised and worried. They surely thought that Alexander was going to rebel himself, but instead of that he was looking completely vulnerable.

“Can you promise me that you will never behave like that in the future?” she asked.

“I promise.” He said.

“That’s good. Now I will talk with your teachers alone. Can you wait outside until we make our decision?” she asked softly.

Alexander suddenly felt his heart beat stronger. He couldn’t get up with his wet jeans in front of everybody! As the thought he released his crotch from his hands but immediately felt another long spurt wetting his trousers. He could feel the pee wetting his legs now. He managed to stop the flow with his hands, but if he tried to get up he knew that he couldn’t control anymore.

“Alexander?” she asked.

“I… I can’t.” The teen said in a whisper.

He felt another spurt coming out of his penis. His panties were soaking wet. His bladder was hurting so badly. He wished he could be at home, alone with his teacher. He looked at him in complete despair. But Léopold didn’t understand.

“Go and wait for us outside, boy.” Léopold said gently. The man wouldn’t have imagine that the boy would cry during the interview. He knew Alexander was anxious about it but he didn’t realize that it would make him miserable.

Alexander couldn’t disobey his teacher. Léopold told him that he had to be cooperative during the audience… If he didn’t get up, what would happen? Would they forbid him to see Léopold again?

He felt his cheeks blushing, his eyes filling up with tears. He could feel his bladder weakening. He wouldn’t make it to the toilets. He was going to have an accident in front of everyone.

He tried to hold his pee with his hands tightened on his crotch. But the minute he rose from his chair he felt a long spurt coming out, running along his legs. He tried to stop the flow but it was already too late. He felt a succession of long spurts coming out. He couldn’t hold it any longer. A strong stream of pee hit the floor with noise as a large puddle surrounded his wet shoes.

Everybody was looking at him with surprise. How come the biggest bad boy of the school could look so vulnerable?

Alexander felt lumps in his throat. He had an accident during his disciplinary audience…

But he soon felt an arm around his shoulder, leading him to the door. He could see Léopold’s sweet smile as they both disappeared in the corridor.

*007*2016-12-11 12:38

Here's a new chapter (finally!). I hope you will like it. Please let me know in a little review! :)

Chapter 5

Léopold and Alexander were walking silently along the corridors toward the infirmary. Alexander was holding a scream in his throat. He wanted to be anywhere else but in school where he was exposed to every gaze. His trousers were so wet from his accident that he couldn’t fool anyone. He had to refrain his need to cry. He had to hold the madness that was threatening to invade him. Léopold’s hand pushing him gently but firmly toward helped him keeping the control over himself.

Hopefully they were walking fast and they didn’t meet any curious gaze. Léopold was panicking, he had to go back to the audience but he didn’t want to leave the child on his own. He knew the teen needed to be supported on this particular moment but he didn’t have time. He had to go back and defend Alexander’s case before Mr. Bryant claimed the child’s guilt. He had to make sure his child needs would be respected.

When they finally arrived in front of the infirmary’s door Léopold waited a minute before knocking. He turned the boy to him and looked in his teary eyes with confidence.

“I can’t stay with you, boy. You just wait for me here. I promise it will be all right. You did well in there. And don’t worry, this little accident will be soon forgotten. Go get cleaned up and wait for me, I’ll pick you up soon to go hear the final judgement and then we’ll go straight home. Ok?” Léopold said softly.

Alexander couldn’t say a word, the enormous lump in his throat was threatening to explode. He simply nodded his head before entering into the room. As the first time Léopold took Alexander to the infirmary, the nurse looked completely used to the scene, as if it was a repeating scenario.

“You know the way, dear.” She only said to Alexander with a smile.

Léopold noticed Alexander’s cheeks reddened before he disappeared behind the curtains where the beds and the bathroom were situated.

He clearly didn’t have time to ask for any information on what seemed to be a habit to Alexander and the nurse, he had to save the kid’s future from Mr. Bryant’s crave of revenge.

When he finally entered the audience room again everyone inside went quiet. Every conversations ended suddenly. The air was heavy and Mr. Bryant red face let Léopold know that there had been a conflict of opinion while he was out. After a few seconds of awkward silence, Mrs Adam invited him to join them for the discussion.

Léopold sat back to his chair, ready to fight hard.

“We already started the discussion while you were away, Mr Blanchot.” Said Mrs Adam “Mr Bryant is asking for the definitive exclusion of Alexander but Mr Carver, the English teacher, wishes to keep him schooled here. It would be lightening for everyone if you could share your experience with Alexander. It would help everybody to make a proper decision.” She continued.

“Of course, I will help you as much as I can to give you all the informations you need. What do you want to know?” asked Léopold.

“First of all, I would like to return to the incident we all witnessed here if you don’t mind?” asked the psychologist “I was very surprised. I participated to a lot of disciplinary audiences and I’ve seen a lot of stressed children but this difference of behaviour between the usual rebellious Alexander and the vulnerable Alexander we saw today is incredible. You lived with the boy for two weeks now. How would you explain Alexander’s behaviour during the audience?” she asked softly.

“It is indeed incredible… The boy was faking for sure…” moaned Mr Bryant.

“Unlike you, I would not say that Alexander’s vulnerability is incredible. On the contrary. Alexander is a teenager who lived multiple experiences of bad treatment in the past, he had to build himself on his own, and the only reaction he could have, until these last two weeks, was violence. As an alone child, left with no parental figure, he had no choice to express his vulnerability but with opposition. He always has seen himself as an abandoned child, a child that had to build himself against the untrustworthy adult.


In other words, his only way to stand in life was to fight. What could he do besides that? Fall apart with no one looking at him? Letting himself be a child when no one would care for him? No. I want you to understand that Alexander had no choice but to express his child needs through violence. In the end, these two weeks made me realize that violence is exactly the same as this confession of weakness we all saw today. Since he is staying with me, I saw his violence turning into infantile acts.

The difference is not in his acts, rebellion or vulnerability, but in the absence or the presence of the adult. You have to realize, as I did these past two weeks, that the responsibility is ours. Alexander has always been crying for help during these years of violence. He has not change, but the way we look at him does, his cries and his urinal accident are today’s crying for help. He finally can act like a child because we are looking at a child and no more at an only violent student. What changed is that he is finally authorized to be a kid, just a kid.” Said Léopold with confidence.

“Are you saying that it is my fault if Alexander punched me?!” asked Mr Bryant banging his fist on the table.

“I actually am. Not only yours, don’t get me wrong. But I am saying that Alexander’s past behaviour is all our fault, adults’ fault. It was said that you reacted to Alexander’s question during your class by a very negative response. If I remember well, you said to Alexander that his place was in the streets. You, the adult, refused to educate the child. You refused him the right to be in school, where children are considered as children under the stability of the adult.

Moreover, you said to him that he belonged to the streets. The streets is a place, in the general representation that is, of instability and violence. The streets is a vacant place where you can’t be a child but only an independent fighter. In other words, you told him that he had no right to be educated, no right to be a child. I’m very sorry if that thought makes you responsible but I do believe that Alexander’s behaviour is a natural, and then excusable, consequence of your words, words that became an act of exclusion of the child from the children place.” Answered calmly Léopold.

Mr. Bryant tried to confront Léopold with words but his only response was a terrible moan and a face reddening furiously.

There was a heavy silence during which Mrs Adam took frantic notes on her notebook. Léopold looked around and noticed, besides Mr Bryant obvious rage, the psychologist sweet smile and a discreet wink of an eye from his colleague Mr Carver.

“Before I give my final statement, I would like you to give me the outlines of your life with Alexander. How is it going? You said that you discovered a vulnerable child?” Mrs Adam asked.

“At first Alexander fought a lot against his child’s needs. He was always so used to be suspicious about the adult figure that it took some time to make him believe that he could act as every child, to rest on me. But incrementally Alexander became more and more confident. The violence has been replaced by an extreme fragility. As I said earlier, Alexander is finally allowed to be a child and it’s a bit chaotic. He is experimenting his forbidden weakness and he is finally losing control. I sometimes feel like I am in front of an 8 years old kid, and sometimes the raging teen comes back. We are settling the balance between the early childhood he never experienced and the suspicious teenager he has been for too long. It’s a work in progress but Alexander is moving forward.” He answered.

“When you are saying ‘early childhood’, could you tell us more specifically how it is manifesting in the daily life?” she asked.

Léopold hesitated for a few seconds. He didn’t want to say this in front of Mr Bryant. He could easily imagine Mr Bryant using these informations to humiliate the kid in class.

Mrs Adam understood Léopold’s reluctance and asked Mr Bryant to leave the room.

“What you have witnessed today is not an isolated accident. Since the first night he slept at my house he has wet the bed. These accidents make him become very childish. He cries a lot after peeing the bed, it wakes up a profound wound. Moreover, he suddenly became in need of hugging and physical contacts in general. Every time it happens it seems that the boy is looking to make up for the lost times. Times of early childhood he never experienced.” He answered.

“I see. I now understand your opinion about adult’s responsibility in Alexander’s behaviour. He seems to express a need that was waiting to be heard for a long time.” She said “And do you think that what you are offering Alexander will be enough to prevent his violent behaviour to come back?” she asked, serious.

“I do, madam. I’m not saying that it will be easy nor that it will be instantly fixed, but I believe that with work Alexander will learn to be just a kid.” He answered.

“Thank you, sir. I think we are done.” She said before inviting Mr Bryant in again.

Mr Bryant seemed to be understanding very well that he had lost the battle. He sat back on his chair with a defeated attitude.

“I will leave you for a few minutes to look over my note before my final statement. It will leave you enough time to get Alexander, Mr Blanchot.” She said before leaving the room followed by Léopold.

Léopold felt confident on the way to the infirmary. He did his maximum to defend the boy’s needs. The teen that walked out the door seemed to feel the opposite, he had reddened eyes and his breathe was loud.

“It will be all right, boy.” Said Léopold, reassuring.

They walked fast, Léopold didn’t want to make a bad impression by arriving late. He didn’t notice the boy shaking nervously behind him. But he suddenly felt a timid and clammy hand tighten his own. He almost stop his walk with surprise. But he only tightened the boy’s hand in return, willing to share his own confidence.

When they finally arrived in front of the audience room’s door Léopold tried to let go of Alexander’s hand but the boy’s grip went stronger.

“I’m sorry Alexander but you will have to let go of Mr Blanchot’s hand just until the end of the audience.” Said a woman’s voice behind them. The boy startled at the interruption. He let go of his teacher’s hand with a little blush. “It will be quick, I promise.” She continued, gently.

They all entered the room plunged into silence. Léopold sat to his chair while Mrs Adam stayed standing. Alexander went to his chair but suddenly blushed. He had almost forgotten his accident… The chair was completely wet with pee. He didn’t know what to do. He started panicking. What if his accident influenced the verdict? What if his wetting made them all want to kick him out of school? What if they suddenly all decided to kick him out of Mr Blanchot’s house as a punishment for his incapacity of holding his pee? He shook his head, it was not the time to panic. He rose his head to Léopold who immediately understood his discomfort and pointed another chair to the boy. Alexander was about to sit down on a dry chair when Mr Bryant interrupted his move.

“Why don’t you sit back there?” he asked meanly “You’re afraid of wetting your pants again, Alexander?” he continued sadistically.

Alexander suddenly felt his fists shake with hunger. He wanted to kill the man. What a fucking bitch, he thought. His heart was beating faster. He was already seeing the scenario in his head, the punch in Bryant’s big nose. The feeling of satisfaction by seeing the man bleed on the floor…

“If you can’t stand the boy in front of you, you should just get out Mr Bryant.” Said Léopold, interrupting Alexander’s fantasy.

“Mr Bryant, would you please get out of the room?” asked Mrs Adam sharply “I can’t accept such a behaviour in my audience.” She threatened.

“I am the victim here, do you remember?” Bryant said, raging.

“Maybe in your opinion, sir. But in mine you are more a tormentor than a victim. So, and I won’t repeat it again, get out of the room please.” She continued.

We heard the door slamming behind the maths teacher and it all went silent again.

“As I said earlier, I’m going to say the definitive statement.” She said more softly. “We heard Mr Bryant point of view, Alexander’s and finally Mr Blanchot’s.” she continued. “I can’t say what Mr Blanchot said about you, Alexander, but you should only know that you are in very good hands.” She said, smiling. She was apparently really moved by the situation. “It became obvious to me that the responsibility in what happened with your maths teacher is not entire your own. I realize well enough that Mr Bryant had, and still has, an inappropriate behaviour toward you. But what I also understand is that you have anger issues, Alexander. You need to work seriously on that if you don’t want to meet me again. And next time you won’t escape the expulsion… In other words, you are authorized to stay in school. But beware, you are strictly supervised from now on and the next little bewilderment will definitely lead you to another disciplinary audience. Did I make myself clear?” she finally asked.

“Yes madam.” Answered Alexander, feeling suddenly relieved.

It all happened so fast after the statement was finally said. Mrs Adam was the first to leave the room, she informed a furious Mr Bryant who could be heard moaning along his way to the school’s exit. Léopold and Alexander were soon the only ones left in the room. Alexander couldn’t stop smiling blissfully. He didn’t even notice Léopold putting out a roll of absorbent paper and a bottle of bleach from a storage cupboard in the corner of the room. Only when he heard his teacher pulling the shameful chair he woke up from his daydreaming.

As he saw his teacher unrolling the paper he suddenly felt back the guilt. He had had an accident in his pants during his disciplinary audience… He rose from his chair, blushing more and more as he approached his teacher.

“Stop… Please…” he murmured as his teacher was leaning to the wet chair.

“Pardon me?” asked Léopold confused, he didn’t hear the boy’s soft voice.

“Please, stop. I am… So ashamed.” The boy answered, biting his lip.

“Let me do it, my boy. You had enough to endure today.” Said Léopold gently.

“I’m so sorry… I embarrassed you today…” the teen continued.

“What nonsense are you saying?” said Léopold as he through the dirty papers in the bin next to him “You never embarrassed me, boy. Never.” He added before taking the teen in his arms, caressing his hair with a hand. They stayed in that position for a few minutes before the boy, of course, felt suddenly ashamed of his own sensation of abandon in his teacher’s embrace.

The ride back to the house went calmly. They were both relieved and needed the silence to appreciate the end of this eventful morning.

Alexander went immediately into the hot shower to clean up his horrible accident. He could now feel at ease, the most difficult event had passed. Léopold even told him that he could watch a little television after his shower. His teacher didn’t even mention his accident since they left school after the audience, that was a relief. He could finally rest and let his mind go away from everyday concerns.

The rest of the day went quietly, between television and homework. By 9 p.m. they both were already asleep, tired by their morning.

It was the same routine in the morning, Alexander woke up in wet sheets. He went under the shower while Léopold took the sheets away. As the teacher was leaving the kid’s bedroom toward the washing machine, he noticed a plastic bag on the floor. He picked it up and opened it, he discovered the pair of wet trousers from the audience. He decided to make a full laundry of Alexander’s clothes. Léopold usually let the boy make his own laundry but he didn’t want the boy to remember once again the horrible souvenir of the audience’s accident.

He opened the boy’s laundry basket and startled as the smell of pee hit him. He didn’t understand, he was the one who washed the wet sheets every morning… How could the basket smell like this? He went through the basket and discovered different pairs of trousers marked by a darker patch, sometimes bigger than others, on the bottom. As he nervously went through the basket he discovered a dozen of panties and briefs marked by a yellow patch, here again sometimes big, sometimes the size of an inch.

He stood in front of the open laundry basket, confused. How could he have not seen it? And how could the kid have not say a word?

After the confusion came the anger. He asked the boy so many times, and Alexander inevitably answered “No”. No it was not a habit. It was just an accident, every time. How could the boy lie like this?

This time the boy would have to talk. Léopold couldn’t just protect the boy from his own wetting problem. Not now that it was obviously a real problem.

He was still frowning at the basket, split between confusion, deception, anger and guilt, when he heard the boy’s little scream. Léopold rose his strict gaze to Alexander’s.

“We need to talk, boy.” Said Léopold, firmly.

*014*2017-06-27 12:37

Hello everyone !

Thank you for your lovely reviews from december, it meant a lot to me.

As you can see, I took my time... I'm sorry to be such a slow writer ! But, if some are still interested, I decided to finish the story in the next chapter. I will post the final chapter next week.

I hope some of you will still want to read Alexander's adventures !

I wish you all a great day and thank you for your patience !

*015*2017-06-27 20:10

Hello (again) everyone ! I know I said in my previous message that the final chapter wouldn't be out before days but I finally did it all today so here it is. I hope you'll like it. At first I wanted to continue this story for some time but as I can't ever respect a writing schedule, I decided to stop it here.

I'll try to do some one shot stories in the future, that way I won't have to worry about the delay.

Please tell me what you think about Léopold and Alexander in a review ! Have a good reading !

Chapter 6

Alexander froze as he saw his teacher above his laundry basket. He thought that he could keep this secret for ever. He felt absolutely mortified. He was so ashamed. What would Léopold say? What would he do with him?

Léopold defended him a few hours earlier in the audience room back in school, saying that the teen was growing. Now he was facing the truth: Alexander was never growing but only regressing. Alexander could imagine himself in a dormitory filled with abandoned kids, left alone with his own misery. In a second he saw Léopold driving him to the nearest orphanage, not willing to have to face a little brat’s pee issues.

He could barely hear his teacher saying “We need to talk, my boy”. He was blinded by his own fear and disappointment. Before he could even realize it he was running out the room, running out the house, running out the neighborhood, running out nowhere. He just couldn’t stop running from himself. He had to erase him from this world. He had to erase all the memories of this life he had been living with his teacher. Nothing ever happened. His teacher’s love never existed. Mr. Blanchot learned to love a lie, not him, not Alexander the little-boy-who-peed-his-pants. His teacher only loved an accident, not a permanent Alexander.

The teen didn’t see where he was running to, he was just running away. Around him he could see streets multiplying and the sky getting rainy. He was completely lost, for sure. But the boy didn’t care. On the contrary, Alexander was willing to be lost. He wished that nobody could ever find him. Especially not Léopold.

Before Léopold could even realize it, the kid was gone. He cried to the boy to come back immediately but Alexander didn’t even turn back. The teen was running out the house with such a determination and speed that the teacher knew there was no point going after him. The boy obviously needed some time on his own. But Léopold was furious. The kid could not just run away to avoid being scolded every time he lied or did something stupid. Plus, it was a school day today.

The man didn’t realize how bad the situation was. For Léopold the boy was just too proud to be treated as a kid, too proud to be under his teacher’s care. Indeed Alexander was scared of his teacher. But not to confront a “spank on the bum”, as Léopold thought the boy was, but because he thought the adult would not want him anymore.

Léopold decided to wait for the boy’s return, trying not to get too mad. As he called the school to prevent his and Alexander’s absence for the day, he remembered the school nurse. He asked the administration to pass her on the phone. After a few seconds, a sweet voice answered.

“Hello ?” said Laura, the school nurse.

“Hello Laura, it’s Léopold, the french teacher.” said the man.

“Hello Léopold.” she responded, “I heard that you are in charge of Alexander now and that the audience went well yesterday. That’s great !” she said with a smile.

“Yes, thank you. I’m actually calling to talk about Alexander. I noticed yesterday that you seem to know him very well. Am I wrong ?” he asked.

“Well, I don’t know if I know him that well because he remains silent most of the time, but I see him almost everyday at the infirmary.” she said.

“Almost everyday ?” replied Léopold who could not integrate that the peeing issues were so frequent despite his discovery in the laundry basket, “Could you tell me why ?”

“Well… Alexander asked me to keep our meetings between him and me, Léopold, and I have to respect the confidentiality clause...” she answered, split between her wish to respect the boy’s demand and her wish to help Léopold in his new relationship with Alexander.

“I understand, Laura. But maybe you could just tell me if it is linked with his peeing issues ?” he asked, willing to understand what was going on in his child’s life.

“I couldn’t say the contrary.” she finally said, relieved to hear that Léopold already knew.

“Do you mean that Alexander is wetting his pants everyday ?”

“It began very vaguely at first. He came to me one or two times the year he arrived in this school, he was 12 then. The next year it was a bit more, like three or four times. And as this year goes by it becomes more and more frequent.” she said.

“Did he ever told you why it happens ?” Léopold finally asked.

“Never. He doesn’t want to talk about it and I won’t force him. But, as I see it, Alexander never experienced a normal childhood and his vulnerability must express itself this way. It’s funny how as violence grew in himself the frequency of the accidents grew as well.” she added. “He never talked to me, but I can see he’s suffering. It’s such a good thing that you decided to take care of him, Léopold.” she continued, softly.

“I don’t know if I’ll succeed...” replied Léopold, feeling guilty. He didn’t even realize what was going on under his own roof. He made the kid run away. He could now feel guilt and fear overwhelming him.

“You already did, Léopold.” she said gently.

“Well, thank you for answering my questions, Laura. I have to go now.” he finally said, willing to end this horrible conversation.

After hanging up the phone, Léopold took his head in his hands with fury. He was now furious at him. How could he have not seen all this ? How could he have let the poor boy deal with all this by himself ?

He realized that when the boy would return home, he would have to talk and not only scold the boy for leaving the house. He had to make him comfortable enough to tell him what was wrong. He had to make him feel that he could be a real dad.

Not capable to stay with his thoughts, he decided to wash the boy’s dirty clothes before his return. As he took the dirty clothes to the washing machine, he noticed how many boxers and panties were marked by pee. He realized that the boy must have peed himself in his own classroom without him noticing it. He had been so blind!

On the other side of town, Alexander was still running, tears running down his cheeks. After about one hour of running through the streets, he arrived at the train station. He stopped and erased the remaining tears. He had to wake up from this nightmare. He had to go anywhere but here. He entered the train station and looked up the departures screen. There was a train going to London leaving in one hour, another one was leaving in 18 minutes to Brixton. He thought about it and realized that he didn’t have enough money to buy a ticket. He didn’t mind defraud but the train controllers would call Léopold and bring him back to his teacher. And he didn’t want to face his teacher ever again.

After a few minutes of thinking, he realized that the better place for him now was his first place, the orphanage. He could meet his ‘friends’, people that knew exactly who he was and what he was: a lost cause. At least he would feel home there.

He was of course bitter when he thought about coming back to those who made him feel the loneliest boy on earth. But at least they were not lying to him. He was alone and forever will be after what Léopold found out.

On the way to the bus stop that would lead him to the orphanage, Alexander came across a grocery store. He came in and decided to celebrate his return home with some whiskey.

He entered the shop and went to the alcohol alley and, after looking left to right to be sure that nobody was seeing him, he hided a small bottle of a cheap whiskey into his jacket’s inside pocket. To be sure not to be suspected, he bought a bottle of coke and smiled innocently to the merchant before leaving the store.

He took a seat at the end of the bus taking him back to his ‘family’ and began to party. He drunk a few sips and tried not to think about what he was leaving behind him. He tried to forget his teacher’s smile. He tried to escape the man’s hugs he could still feel. He had to accept the reality: he was not made for a normal family. On the other side, he had a family of lost causes waiting for him at the orphanage. As Bryant said, he already had a place where he fitted perfectly well.

He looked at his watch, 10:02. He couldn’t help but ask himself what was doing Léopold. He was certainly at school, relieved to be free from the annoyance he was.

Léopold had finished the laundry for a while now and was starting to feel sickly worried. He looked at his watch for a hundred time, 10:02. First he was sure the boy would be home about thirty minutes after he left the house. He understood the boy needed some time alone, but now it was not okay.

He couldn’t stop but imagine the worst. What if the boy had had a car accident ? What if the boy had been kidnapped ? What if the boy had done something fatal to himself ?

He wanted to be there when the boy returned home but now he wasn’t even sure the boy would come back home.

It took him thirty seconds to grab his jacket and car keys and step out of the house.

He didn’t know where to go but he had to go find the boy. He first tried school. Maybe the boy was skipping school with his friends. After driving around the school three times, Léopold gave up; the boy was not here. He then decided to go to the music store he knew Alexander liked but he was not there and the seller had not seen him. He went through all the city center streets for almost an hour but the kid was nowhere.

He parked and tried not to panic. His hands tightened to the steering wheel, Léopold could feel tears coming up his eyes. He felt sick. He couldn’t ever forgive himself if anything would happen to his boy. He couldn’t help but ask himself how he could he have fail the boy this much.

After a few minutes of pure despair, it hit him. The boy had return to his orphanage. Of course ! The boy was denying his new family and returned back to the lost causes, Léopold thought.

He looked at his watch, 12:13.

He started the car and drove, way above the limited speed, to the orphanage.

Alexander was having a few tokes of a joint. He looked at his watch, 12:13. It has been almost two hours now that he had found his old friends. He remembered perfectly the hiding place they used to go when he lived in the orphanage.

They were all there, his old family. They welcomed him pretty harshly but he was used to the violence. The violence was the way of existing in that place.

“Hey Genius ! You were tired of sucking dicks at your genius school so you came back to the real people ?” yelled one of them as he saw him arriving.

They didn’t seem so happy to seen him back but as soon as Alexander showed his bottle of whiskey, they all welcomed him with smiles. Everything seemed to be in order at last, thought Alexander.

But after explaining what happened to him (avoiding to talk about the peeing in pants issue, of course), the group of young men around him split in two sides : one was congratulating him for leaving his teacher’s house and the other was despising him really badly.

“You said no to a man who wished to make you his son? You’re fucking stupid, Alex !” yelled one of them.

“You really want to hang in a group of bastards like us ? You moron ! You had a chance to live a real life and you blew it. You’re so fucking stupid, man !” someone else added.

“Hey ! This fucking teacher doesn’t want me, all right ?!” said Alexander furiously, “He wants a good kid that behave properly. I’m not that kid and never will be !” he added.

“I guess you’re not a genius, after all. You’re just a stupid asshole.” replied the first young man before taking the joint.

Alexander remained silent. The group had already forgotten his story and went back to their discussion about Rihanna and her big ass. But Alexander couldn’t forget what was said. He couldn’t ignore any longer his huge sadness. Even the drunkenness couldn’t make him forget what he had lost. He wished now his teacher would have come after him, that he would have forced him not to escape. Alexander imagined Léopold going to lunch, saying goodbye to his students, feeling finally at ease now that the boy was out of his life. He looked at his watch again, 12:27. At 12:27, the reality he discovered at his teacher’s house was over.

On that thought, he took an endless sip of whiskey. He wished to get drunk until he could not remember anything from these last few weeks, especially the last furious gaze of his teacher on him this morning.

As he arrived at the orphanage, Léopold went inside to discover that Alexander never came here. The teacher couldn’t hide his disappointment, he was so confident about it.

As he went out to get to his car, he heard a distant sound of music. He regain hope and followed silently the music. As he got closer to the source of music, he recognize Rihanna’s voice. He followed the voice until he arrived behind a condemned building. As he turned around he discovered a group of young men, from 15 to 17 years old he would say, smoking joints and drinking beers and looking to a smartphone while making obscene gestures. Apparently they were enjoying Rihanna’s figure, he thought with irony. After a second, he noticed a young man furiously drinking a bottle of whiskey. It took him a second to realize that behind that bottle was his young, so young, Alexander. His suddenly felt his blood boiling in his veins.

Without even knowing what he was doing, at 12:27 exactly, Léopold walked firmly to the boy, grabbed the bottle from Alexander’s mouth and threw it to the opposite wall. The bottle broke in a violent crash.

The boy didn’t even realize what happened before he felt the first slap on his bum. Being firmly held by his teacher’s right arm forcing him to bend over, Alexander couldn’t escape the frightening and humiliating spanking to be done.

At first, the boy remembered his friends around him and tried to escape his teacher with violence and rage, but he finally realized who was giving him the spank and started feeling like a little boy. Finally, without even realizing it, he gave up and started sobbing frenetically. Neither did he realize that at the same time he let go of his tears, he also let go of his bladder. He couldn’t even feel the continuous stream of pee wetting his pants.

Léopold could not accept his boy to destroy himself with alcohol, not when you are a 14 year old kid, thought Léopold as he held the boy to spank him. This kid had to realize that he his into somebody’s hands, the teacher thought. But then Léopold noticed a patch of pee appearing on the kid’s pants. The man removed his hand to the boy’s bum and plunged it to the kid’s messy hair, holding him to his chest. The boy was now acting like a kid, he thought, as his anger was replaced by worry.

He let the boy pee himself and sob until the end before turning Alexander to him and hug him tenderly.

“It’s over, baby”, Léopold said softly. “No more escape now.”

Alexander was still crying softly, not capable of saying a word. He could only feel his teacher’s chest welcoming him. He couldn’t, or didn’t want to, move an inch. His teacher must have understand because he rose him from the floor and grabbed him tightly with both arms. Léopold could feel the boy’s face against his neck and arms gripping around his shoulders.

Before going back to his car, he turned to the silent group of young men. They all froze as Léopold spanked Alexander and Rihanna was now completely mute.

“I’m warning you all, if I ever have to get my kid back here, I will spank each of you with a bat. Is that clear ?” he yelled with a very deep voice, looking strictly into every young man’s eyes.

“Yes, sir.” said an intimidated group.

On the way back to the car, Alexander fell asleep into his teacher’s arms. Léopold opened the backseat door and lied the boy on the seats. He drove slowly, trying not to wake the boy up.

Léopold got out of the car and tried to get a sleeping Alexander out of the car without waking him up but the boy looked up at his teacher. Léopold tried not to show his surprise when Alexander tended his arms to him, willing to be hold. He took the boy back in his arms and entered the house silently. Alexander eyes were closed again.

As Léopold lied the boy in his bed and tried to break the embrace, Alexander moaned softly :

“Please don’t let go of me yet, dad. Be my dad a little longer.”

Léopold would have been completely shocked if he hadn’t smell the scent of cheap whiskey coming out of the teen’s mouth. Obviously the kid was drunk. But Léopolod didn’t want to deal with it yet. He wanted to be a dad a little longer.

He waited for Alexander to be profoundly asleep before stepping out of the room. He was in the living-room, correcting some papers for school, when he heard Alexander’s room door opening noisily. He got up his chair and went up to check on the boy when he saw the bathroom door wide open and the boy knelt down the toilet, vomiting. The boy was trembling and sweating.

Or at least, Léopold had thought it was only sweat. Alexander’s t-shirt was wet and, after a more precise look, Léopold could see his pants were too; the boy had peed his pants during his nap.

Léopold went to the sick boy and rubbed his back tenderly. Alexander was so weakened, he didn’t even try to push him back. But the teacher knew that the reddened cheeks and the boy’s tears were not only a consequence of vomiting.

“Let it all go, my boy. It’ll be over soon.” Léopold said, softly.

After a moment the vomiting calmed down. The man wet a towel and swabbed Alexander’s face and neck to help him cool down. At the feeling of cold wet the boy suddenly woke up. He had peed himself during the spanking. And he had peed himself during his nap.

“I…” he started, trembling.

“Yes ?” asked the man.

“I’m so sorry about… me peeing my pants.” Alexander continued, tears in his eyes.

“It’s all right, baby.” the man said, softly.

“I… I didn’t mean to. I don’t know why it happened. I’m sorry.” the teen added.

“I think the spank made you remember that your are a child, therefore you wet your pants. And for the nap, you were sleeping, in other words you wet the bed. It happened before and it’s all right.” Léopold said, reassuring.

“I… I promise it won’t happen again, sir. I will never pee my pants again, I swear.” the boy cried.

“Be careful, kid. I don’t want you to lie to me anymore. I know you have peed your pants frequently now and I won’t ever scold you if it happens again. But I will never stand lies. Is it understood ?” he asked firmly and gently.

“But… I don’t want to… I don’t want to wet my pants.” said the teen, shaking.

“I know you don’t want to, baby. But it’s not going to disappear by hiding your wet clothes. If you wet your pants I want to know so I can help you. Do you understand ?”

Alexander nodded, crying a little. Léopold pushed the tears away and kissed him in the forehead before stepping outside the room.

“Clean yourself up, my boy. I’m waiting for you downstairs to talk about that and about your little trip this morning. You have some explaining to do.” the man said before closing the door behind him and getting down.

About half an hour later, Alexander arrived in the living-room. The boy looked exhausted.

“Can I have an aspirin, please ?” he asked, red faced.

“It’s more painful that it seems to drink whiskey, isn’t it ?” replied the man before getting a medicine and a glass of water from the kitchen.

The boy didn’t answer and sat down at the table, facing his teacher, looking ashamed.

“I’m sorry about this morning. I shouldn’t have take off like that.” the boy mumbled.

“Indeed you shouldn’t have. What were you thinking exactly ?” the man asked, trying to stay calm.

“I… I don’t know. I thought you wouldn’t want me here since… Since you saw that… I pee my pants...” the boy answered, ashamed.

“Why would you think such a thing?” the man asked, in shock.

“Because I’m 14 and I shouldn’t be peeing myself.” he said, angry at himself.

“First of all, stop being so angry at yourself. Second of all, what do you know about 14 years old boys’ peeing ? Moreover, there’s no moral when it comes to wetting yourself. If you do there’s a reason, but there is absolutely no fault. Do you understand ?” replied his teacher, serious.

“You’re not disappointed in me?” the teen asked, lowering his head.

“Look at me, boy.” he said, waiting for Alexander to look up, “You peeing yourself will never disappoint me, never.” he said.

“You don’t want a bigger boy ?” the teen asked.

“I don’t want any other boy than you, kid.” the man answered.

They finally talked more openly about Alexander’s wetting and the boy promised to tell his teacher whenever it would happen in the future.

They, of course, talked about the running away and the drinking whiskey issue and the teen was grounded until the end of the month : no television, no exiting the house, no cell phone.

The boy promised never to lie again to his teacher, but Leopold knew he would, because after all, he was just a kid.

After diner, which was vomited almost instantly by a hang overed Alexander, they both went to bed.

As usual, Léopold went tucking Alexander in his bed. He seemed to Léopold that the boy’s eyes were different that night. The boy didn’t avoid his teacher’s gaze, for once. He was actually the one who asked for a goodnight kiss in the forehead. He timidly pointed his forehead with his index, his face reddening. After a moment of hugging, Léopold got up and wished the boy sweet dreams.

As Léopold turned off the light and stepped out the room, he heard a distinct “Good night, dad”. Maybe it wasn’t just the alcohol after all.

They both went to sleep that night feeling that they were from now on and forever a family.

22:03, a new era.

The End

