A Forgotten Past

Author: Valeri night

*008*2018-11-09 07:12

Alright so I've been gone for months now I think but I figured I should at least post this part of the story even though it isn't really as great as I would have like to have made it. Sadly I got into a car accident and I had to focus on getting all that figured out. Not to mention I didn't really feel like writing at the time, but I still have some fun that I will post on here within the week to hopefully make up for the missing content. (Hope everybody is still my friend and understands^_^)

“Someone put out that fire!”

We’ve got three more port side look out!”

“Incoming Cannon Fire, Take Cover!”

“Don’t let them get to the pr-”

Breathing heavily I wake up in another cold sweat, Uuugh my head I think to myself clutching my head in pain. Another dream huh… What do they mean? Shaking my head in pain I sit up looking around I notice Velvet isn’t awake yet.

Hmm it must be early in the morning still, making my way over to the bathroom I try the handle.

*Rustle Rustle* Oh yeah it’s locked, chuckling to myself I remember the night before and blush slightly.

Well I guess I’ll go and explore some while I wait for Velvet to wake. Moving through the store I look at all the clothes that Velvet had made, I take my time and I find some cute clothes to look at.

*Bang Bang Bang* “Veeeelvet!” A female voice echoes through the door. “You better open this door up this instant!”

Figuring that I should see who is at the door before they get anymore upset, making a move toward the door I hesitate before opening it. Seeing the shadow of a fist in the window screen I yank open the door just as the person outside it went to knock again.

“Vel- aaae” Stepping to the side I manage to move out of the way as a little girl stumbles into the room.

The girl clumsily tries to catch herself but only manages to fail her arms wildly. I grab the hood of the girls blue cloak stopping her fall before she slams her face into the floor.

“Ahh” she shouts not realizing that I stopped her fall.

“Wait huh... ?” the girl turns her head and sees me standing next to her. “OH, Why thank you stranger I almost smacked my face there huh?”

Picking her up I notice that the girl is only short but extremely light as well. Or maybe I’m really strong? I think to myself.

“Salutations” the girl said to me putting her hand out.

Taking her hand she clenches it and applies quite the bit of pressure.

“My name is Clover and I’m very thankful that you saved me from falling.”

“Um yeah no problem” I say back still shaking her hand.

“Ah you were the girl yesterday with Velvet right?” Clover spontaneously changes the subject.

“Yeah I’ve been helping Velvet the past couple days” I respond back finally getting my hand back.

Clover gives me a big grin, “Well than that makes things a little bit easier then if you’re helping her.”

“Why do I feel like I should be concerned about that?”

“Oh don’t worry, you’re gonna be all about it” Clover winks at me walking into the store and towards Velvet’s living area. “Now where is this pain in the butt?”

“Hey now wait up” I shout at Clover chasing after her.

*Knock* *Knock* “I know you’re in there Velvet you better get out here right away!”

After a moment pause a quiet grunt comes from the room, I shoot a look towards clover and she sighs.

“Listen Velvet I need you out here we had a deal remember?”

Velvet makes a couple more grunts and I shake my head and walk away leaving the two of them to figure it out.

Eventually Velvet opened up her door, “it's way too early for all this noise clover.”

“You'd best have a good reason for all of this.”

Clover nods her head “you betcha” all of a sudden super serious. Remember that lead I had?

Shaking her head Velvet yawns.

“Oh come on now I told you this yesterday don't tell me you already forgot!” Clover yelled back visibly upset at Velvet's lack of enthusiasm.

“Ugh lets just go later” Velvet complains. Looking over at me she sighs, don't tell me she roped you into this too.

Shrugging my shoulders I say back “I'll go if you are.”

Dropping her head Velvet replies, wrong answer girl… whatever just give me a moment to get ready.

“Hmph finally” Clover smiles at me, I’ll be outside when you two are ready.”

As Clover walks back towards the door Velvet peaks her head out the door “Psst hey is she gone?”

“Yeah she’s waiting outside for us to get ready.”

“Come here” Velvet pulls me into her room like a rag doll and shuts the door behind us.

“Listen” Velvet says to me, “This Clover girl can be a little uppity at times.” Pausing Velvet walks into her closet, “and this place we’re going to is a little bit dangerous, like monsters and stuff ya know?”

“Monsters?” I ask

Velvet comes out of her closet half dressed making me blush slightly, turning my head I look away and ask Velvet “Are these monsters anything to dangerous?”

Velvet pauses for a moment and thinks, “Honestly with the three of us? It really shouldn’t be bad at all.”

“Clover may not look it but she’s a respectable mage who knows a thing or two about healing herbs as well, so all in all we should be perfectly fine if we stay together.”

“Well that’s good” I reply, “uh by the way you took my clothes again…”

“Funny you bring that up, I actually didn’t wash and take care of those clothes yesterday.”

“...what?” I question Velvet. “Well what do I wear now?”

Velvet ponders my question for a moment and goes to her closet. “Here I’ve got some clothes you can wear for the time being.”

Handing me a black long sleeve shirt, and a matching black skin tight leggings.

“Thank you!” I say smiling as I take the clothes from Velvet, “by the way do I get any panties with this outfit?”

Velvet shakes her head, “not from me you don’t, I would ask Clover if you want some.”

A little weird but okay I think to myself leaving Velvet’s room and heading towards the outside to where Clover is.

Peaking my head outside I see Clover hiding herself In a book that is a little larger than it seems it should be. Clothes in hand I poke Clover in her side to get her attention.

“Eep” Clover shrikes looking over at me fearfully, “Wh-what was that for?”

“Oops my bad” I giggle, “I was just wondering if you had any spare panties for me, the pair I had is dirty right now.”

“Why, why would you think I had spare panties on me?”

“I’m not a child you know!” Clover defiantly replies back to me.

I give her a confused look “Velvet said you might have some.”

“Oh of course she did” Sighing Clover snaps her fingers and a brown bag appears in front of her. Reaching her hand into the bag she digs for a moment and looks around real quick before pulling out a pair of slightly childish light blue panties. Blushing Clover hands the panties out to me, “Listen I want to mention that these panties are magically enhanced okay?”

“They will make it easier to deal with liquids and other things..., not that you are a water mage or anything but still you get the idea right?

“Ooh” I exclaim “I have no idea what you mean though.” Smiling I thank Clover and hop back inside to put on the clothes that I know have.

“At least she has no idea…” Clover says to herself quietly As I skip away.

Slipping into the clothes that I’ve collected from my friends, I check myself out in my new outfit. Not bad, not bad at all, I think to myself. I don’t feel anything different from the enhanced panties that Clover gave me but they sure do feel comfy.

Smiling I walk into Velvet’s room and call out to her to let her know that I am ready. Velvet looks over at me and I notice some strain on her face, but I don’t really think to much about it. “Let’s go let’s go Let’s Go!” I chant bouncing up and down.

“Sheesh, What’s got you so jumpy?” Velvet sighs obviously not excited about the adventure. Watching her get up from her bed she follows me outside and we meet up with Clover who is standing by ready to go.

“Took you two long enough” Clover pouts, “we have no time to waste do you both have everything you need?”

Backpack in tow I nod my head and look over at Velvet who messes with her quiver and bow on her back. “Yeah I’m all set but let’s stop at the tavern before we go real quick.” Velvet replies.

Frowning Clover says back “Fine but let's be quick about it, the longer we take the more dangerous it gets.

Walking to the tavern I feel slightly more cheery than normal which makes me smile for no reason. “By the way why are we going to the tavern Velvet?

Velvet quietly says back “Well you sabotaged our toilet remember?”

“Oh yeah oops” I laugh to myself as Clover shoots me a confused look.

Upon getting to the tavern Velvet starts to walk inside, but Clover decides she doesn't care to go inside. Shrugging Velvet looks to me as if to ask if I needed to go, In reply I give her a thumbs up and sit down next to Clover saying “I feel great!”

Humming to myself I ask Clover how her day is going, Clover looks at me and laughs “I see the side effects of your panties are taking hold.”

“Huh, what do you mean?” I ask.

Pointing her finger at me she touches my forehead and I feel myself go light headed for a moment and then my mind clears up. “Weird I feel kinda funny” I say rubbing my head.

“Yeeeah sorry about that those panties I gave you affect your mental and physical abilities a little bit, They were making you act a little childish” she chuckles.

Blushing I remember how I had been acting the past hour. “Well thanks for fixing my mind for now.”

“Sure thing, I should of told you earlier but that part of it slipped my mind.”

We sit and chat for a couple of minutes while waiting for Velvet to come back, “alright you two let's get going. Velvet mentions to us walking past us.

“Hey wait up!” Clover shouts jumping up and sprinting towards Velvet. Not wanting to be left behind I follow suit.

It takes us about two hours to get the the cave entrance that we were heading too. The entire way Velvet didn’t talk much beside the occasional fact about the wildlife or area, and Clover and I spend the time talking about her magical ability.

“Yeah I’m a water mage technically with a lot of soothing spells and a few offensive spells.” Clover explains to me.

“Oh what other types of magic are there?” I ask.

“Basically there is a magic type for every element that we know of, Fire,water,wind,earth Etc.”

“I see, I see” I nod my head as she explains everything.

“Most mages can learn one major element and a sub element pretty easily.”

“For example I have an easy time with water magic and I know a thing or two about Earth spells as well.”

“Interesting” I say aloud.

“Yeah and some of the more experienced stronger mages can use magic that is a mix of elements as well, but it takes quite the mage to do that.” Clover goes on and on telling me about everything she knows.

“Okay you two enough chit chat we’re here.” Velvet states to us as we stand outside the cave.

“So what’s the game plan?” I ask.

“Well to start we need to go deep into the cave to find certain herbs for the village doctor, then we need to clear out some of the monsters in the cave and collect there goo for testing.” Clover tells us.

“Goo?” I ask.

Velvet pulls her bow out and looks over at me, “Yeah this cave is full of slimes and other monsters.”

“I’ve never seen a slime before are they dangerous?”

“These ones? Not so much they are mainly herbivores, and at the worst they can gain some acidic properties so just don’t let them get on you and you shouldn’t have a problem. Velvet tells me as we head inside.

The cave is dark and it has a musty smell to it, but we push forward without light.

“Um do we have any way of producing light?” I ask

As an answer to my question Velvet produces a torch and hands it to me. “Here you lead the way, Clover and I shall guard you from behind.”

We push further into the cave and I start to hear small squeaking noises in the distance.

“Wa-whats that?” I ask.

Velvet grunts and pulls an arrow out and cocks it, lighting it with my torch she shoots her flaming arrow into the distance spooking a large amount of bats into flying at us.

“Everybody duck!” Clover shouts, as I drop to the floor hearing hundreds of bats flutter and fly over top my head.

After hearing the fluttering of wings die down I open my eyes and peak my head up. “Everybody okay?” Velvet asks us looking around.

“Clover and I reply back and we dust the dirt off of us.

As we continue forward I feel my bladder start to complain about needing relief but I put it off and ignore the feeling as we just made it into the cave.

“Are these tracks?” I ask out loud bending down and inspecting the ground with my torch.

“Yeah these used to be mines for the town back when there were more people living here.” Velvet responds. “But now the mines are abandoned now and monsters have taken resident.”

“I see” Looking over at clover I see her clutching her staff close to her chest with a slight fearfully look on her face. “Are you okay Clover?”

Startled Clover jumps and turns to look at me, she quickly responds with “y-yeah i’m great I just don’t like the dark to much.”

“Speaking of which it’s pretty hard to see you in this cave with what you’re wearing.” Velvet points out to me.

Looking down at myself I laugh at how dark my clothes make me look. “Yeah you’re right It would be pretty hard to see me if we didn’t have this light.” Not paying attention I keep walking forward and stumble falling into something wet. “Waaaah” I scream out. *Splat* my vision goes dark and the torch goes out.

“Hey! You okay?” Velvet yells out to me.

“Gurgle burgel” *cough* *cough* “Bleh yeah I’m just a little-Auuah!” something forcefully grabs my leg and yanks forcing me to fall back down into the ooze. The slimy ooze surrounds my body once more and I feel a strange burning sensation on my bare skin. Struggling I attempt to claw through the slime but my body gets no where in the gelatinous creature.

“Clover get over here let’s help her!” Velvet says rushing over to where she thinks I am.

Vel-vet look, look out. Holding out her staff Clover mumbes a spell and a torrent of water rushes out from her staff. The water flows through the cave and rushes over me, washing the slimy ooze off and allowing me to escape.

Struggling I cough up water and slime *Cough* I get on my knees and hold on to the wall to balance myself. “Ugh I’m all sticky and wet.” feeling slime in places that slime shouldn't be and, blushing I think to myself how’d slime even get here.

“Here I’ll clean you off some more” clover says to me.

I feel freezing cold water rinse over me and I let out a yelp while clutching myself in surprise.

“ttthanks fffor tthat” shivering from the cold, but feeling slightly cleaner. Velvet makes another torch to replace the one that was put out and hands it to me. “ahh so warm!” Gleefully I take in the warmth and do my best to warm up.

Clover squats down next to me and examines the watered down goo next to me, “Hmm it looks like you found one of our resident slimes.”

“Ugh really?” I ask with a disgusted face.

Nodding her head clover bottles some of the residue and mentions “It seems we found quite the specimen too.”

With a sense of dread I ask “Um, What’s that mean?”

Pushing her glasses up a sly grin forms on Clover’s face. “I’ve taken many samples of slimes and other monsters in this cave, but this one I have never seen before.”

“Couldn’t it just be because you used water to get it off of me though? And that is why it seems different?” I ask.

Clover sighs, “Listen I don’t expect you to understand this but just trust me I know a new specimen when I see one.”

“First of all it shouldn't have been so aggressive, and Second most slimes in this cave would of ran away as soon as they noticed the light from our torch earlier, Third it’s body even though watered down almost seem acidic.

Clover rambles on and I kinda space out from the knowledge attack, looking over at Velvet we make eye contact and she just shakes her head and shrugs her shoulders.

“We should continue forward though to find the slime, it sounds pretty dangerous.” Velvet mentions to us.

“Correct” Clover concurs.

With that statement our group continues through the cave system, the entire time I feel my bladder starting to fill.

“Ugggh” I quietly moan to myself as I follow behind Velvet.

“You okay?” Clover asks me, a hint of worry in her voice.

Sighing I look back at her and strain out a smile, “Yup a-ok!”

Clover gives me a suspicious look but doesn't say anything else.

Thinking to myself, ugh I really should've gone pee earlier today when I had the chance, I didn’t feel it then but now i’m getting pretty desperate.

Walking in front of the group I do my best to ignore my urge to hold myself and we continue on through the cave system.

We find ourselves wandering around aimlessly searching for this slime, delving deeper and deeper into the cave. Our group ends up emerging into a large open area where we hear ominous Squelching sounds coming from the area in front of us.

“U-uh Clover?” I stammer “What ways would you recommend fighting a slime with?

Clover who is clutching her staff closely to her chest lets out a frightened response. “I th-think they’re afraid of light.”

I ready my saber with one hand and hold the brightly lit torch in my other, ready to defend myself if needed.

Velvet stands tall next to me and readys her bow, “Listen I doubt your saber will do much to these slimes so use the torch to light my arrows and, I’ll shoot them with the fire enhanced arrows while you and Clover do your best to keep them away from me.”

I feel my body start to shiver and shake as the sounds get closer to us but I manage to nod my head in response.

I can hear Clover’s heavy breathing behind Velvet and myself, but I close my eyes and take a deep breath to steady my own breathing. Upon opening my eyes I see a faint green gooish object sliding towards us.

Velvet nocks an arrow into her bow and pulls back on it, waiting on me to light the arrow.

Clover gasps losing all signs of fear for a moment and excitedly points out. “That's the one!”

“That's the one that swallowed you earlier!”

Gritting my teeth I move the torch up to the arrow to light it, once lit I look back towards the slime. To my surprise though the smallish slime seemingly got much bigger all of a sudden.

“Whaaaaat!” Clover’s jaw drops and she pushes between myself and Velvet to get a better look at the now four maybe five foot slime that slides towards us.

While Clover and I stand dumbfounded at how large the slime is Velvet with a calm face takes action and lets the arrow loose, directly at the slimy mass in front of us.

The slime reacts instantly to the fiery arrow headed at it, and quickly rearranges its body to dodge the arrow while sliding closer still towards us.

“What speed…” Velvet quietly says aloud.

I was astonished as much as everyone else, and we watch as the slime reforms to the height it was before but this time it tries to take shape in almost a slender like figure. The slime stops close enough to us that I can see the continuous moving slime on its Body trying to keep form.

Out of curiosity I take a step forward towards the slime, Velvet quickly grabs my shoulder and firmly stops me from getting closer to it.

“It’s okay” I say to Velvet giving Clover the torch and taking Velvet’s hand off of me. I take two steps forward toward the slime keeping my saber close just in case. The slime as well moves closer to me but stops when I do. I can hear Velvet nocking another arrow as the slime stops moving and I put my hand up to make sure she understands I’m okay.

To my surprise the slime grows a tentacle like arm to copy what my arm is doing. I instinctively cock my head to one side in confusion and watch as the slime mimics my movement.

I practically hear Clover’s jaw hit the floor as the slime copies my movements growing another arm and looking pretty human like in terms of body shape.

Sweating I reach my hand toward the slime and it follows suit, as my hand touches the slime I feel it tighten against my hand. In fear I try to pull back but It doesn't let go, “Uh guys?” I say looking back. Reading my saber I stab the slime to but I get no response from it, so I turn my head to look back at Clover and Velvet and with a look of fear on my face I manage to say to them, “It’s not letting go of me!”

Velvet snaps into action but before she can take one step two slimes fall from the ceiling and land between us. That’s the last thing I see before I feel the slime yank my wrist towards itself and engulf me in slime once again.

Closing my eyes and making sure not to open my mouth I do my best to make sure no slime gets inside of my mouth and hold my breath. I sit still for the moment doing my best to conserve energy and wait for the burning sensation I felt earlier in the slime. To my surprise though nothing happens, opening my eyes I feel a slight burn like I’m under salt water but I can see fairly well through the dark sliminess. I take peak at my body and I notice that I am now standing and the slime is using my form to stand like a human would with two legs just with a puddle at the bottom, also it’s tentacle like arms are now look just like any other girl’s would complete with a hand and five fingers. Looking up towards where Velvet and Clover are I see them finishing off the two much smaller weaker slimes and I hear what seems to sound like distant voices although they seem so close by.

As I feel the air in my body start to get dangerously low I try to escape my goo prison, The slime resists me for a moment but gives up and lets me fall out of its body. Gasping for air once again I feel Velvet crouch next to me and give me support, Clover on the other hand is freaking out shouting all sorts of obscenities so fast that I can’t comprehend them.

I give Velvet a weak smile and look back toward the slime, the slime still copying my movements is now sitting on the floor in front of me. The only difference from before is that it now has a slender humanoid body.

I quietly stare at the slime and it’s faceless mass looks back toward me, “I don’t think it wants to hurt us” I say softly.

Velvet grunts in response “Sure didn’t look like that from out here.”

Clover still freaking out manages to speak a language I can understand “This, this Slime! It looks SO Human! I, I simply must take notes on this Discovery!”

“I wonder what would happen if I went in one more time?” I say out loud.

In response Velvet clutches me harder as if to say no way.

Clover on the other hand makes eye contact with me and begs me with puppy dog eyes to continue. “I would very much so like to see that” Clover replies.

Velvet’s arms hold me even tighter still and I comfort her by saying “Look It let me out last time, and I’ve got you two here if anything bad does happen so I’m sure it’ll be okay.”

I push myself out of Velvet’s grip and I stand up in front of the slime which is still copying my movements. I take one step and the slime envelops me once again, just like last time I feel the slime take form around my body. Smiling I feel the warmth from the first time with no burning feeling on my skin though, I allow myself to relax in the slimes body clearing my mind of any thoughts and focusing purely on holding my breath.

“You warm” I hear

“Eh?” My eyes shoot open from surprise and I accidentally swallow some slime as well. Grimacing from the taste I manage to swallow it down without choking.

“Warmth nice” I hear again and I can’t help but freak out a little. IS THE SLIME TALKING TO ME? Calm down, Calm down I tell myself trying to relax.

“So warm, want more…” I feel the burning feeling again from the first time, just this time with a higher intensity. I bite my lip in pain but it has a somewhat pleasurable feeling to it. Time to go though I think, as I push myself back out of the slime and onto the ground.

Gasping for air once more I sit myself up against a large rock and take deep breaths. “Okay enough of that for me” I smile to the group and see Clover blushing refusing to make eye contact with me. Confused I look toward Velvet and see her as well looking slightly away from me.

“What’s wrong?” I ask

Velvet points down at my body and I look down at my clothes that now have rips and tears in them exposing more skin than I would like, including a decent amount of cleavage. Gasping I Blush and immediately cover myself with my hands. “What happened to my clothes!”

“Well I did mention the Slime had acidic properties didn’t I…” Clover responds still hiding her face with a slight blush on her face as well.

“More importantly look at that” Velvet points out.

Clover and I look over toward the slime which still mimicking my movements is also covering it’s exposed chest and crotch. “WAIT it’s got those now too!?!”

“Velvet shoots me a look of shame, “That's what you notice? Not the face it has now?”

“Eh?” Looking back up at the slime I notice the large green eyes and currently smiling lips the slime now has.

Clover lets out an mix of noises and faints falling right into Velvet’s arms, I on the other hand don’t know what to do and I watch as the slime examines us with wide eyes and a big grin on its face.

“So what now?” I ask looking at Velvet, the slime as well looks over.

“Well this one fainted from excitement but I would assume she wants to look at your friend over there. So we should probably bring it with us back to clover’s house.”

“Yeah you’re right that seems like a good idea” I say back, standing myself up.

“Ugh” I accidentally let an audible grunt slip out, and I quickly stuff my hands into my crotch.

“You good?” Velvet asks me, not bothering to look as she starts to carry Clover with both arms back the way we came.

“Yeah, just out of energy from being in the slime I guess.” I lie quickly returning my hand to my side and away from my now visible slightly ripped panties.

Picking up my saber, and torch I make my way after Velvet making sure our slimy friend is following me.

Velvet takes her time going back through the cave to make sure we don’t get lost, and I feel my bladder getting worse and worse forcing me to occasionally hold myself like a little girl to make sure nothing leaks out. Out of the corner of my eye I can see the slime mimicking my moves still, which makes me blush out of embarrassment of seeing what I look like while holding myself.

About halfway through the cave I hear Velvet talking to Clover who had apparently woken up, so we take a little break while Clover checks out the slime.

“Ooh she’s so beautiful!” Clover chuckles, looking at every nook and cranny the slime has. “Such perfect curves and this thicker continuous moving slime makes her look like she has hair.”

Thankfully Clover is to distracted to notice the subtle movements in the slime from me bouncing my legs and biting my lip to distract myself from my need. Curse the fact that she is copying my movements while I’m in need.

“She?” Velvet buts in.

“But of course!” Clover exclaims “She is currently copying human patterns this species of slime is more sentient than any of her other relatives. It’s only fair that she be given the respectable title that fits her.

“We should give her a name!” I say out loud smiling.

“Good idea” Clover replies.

“Bad idea” Velvet states back.

Ignoring Velvet me and Clover throw back and forth names but nothing good comes to mind.

“This is hard” I sigh.

Clover nods her head, “Yeah you’re right let's figure this out once we get back.”

“Oh and by the way you’re all slimy again, would you like me to wash you off once more?”

Blushing I cover my body once more and say back “the slime is currently the only thing covering most of my exposed skin now that my clothes were melted off.”

“Oops that’s right, well we may as well get Onward then!” Clover exclaims excited to get home.

Getting up I look over at our slime friend and she looks at me, I smile and we move forward with the group.

“Ya know it seems like she has stopped mimicking you finally.”

Looking over at the slime I notice that she has stopped copying me and is now more interested in her own body.

“Phew well that's good.” I say back “it would be kinda weird if she purely copied me at all times.” In my head I was praising god for making it easier to hide my desperation, as for now all I had to worry about was getting out of this cave without leaking.

Opon nearing the exit of the cave our slime friend suddenly runs forward and stands in front of all of us.

“What’s going on?” I question, looking around the cave I don’t see anything different from before.

“Hmm, not sure” Clover responds fixing her glasses. “But it seems like she is agitated somewhat”

Then from out of nowhere our group is surrounded by a group of smaller green slimes, Feeling my bladder when I run over to protect our slimy friend standing in front of her saber at the ready. The rest of my companions taking up similar defensive positions behind us.

“Shoot we were so close to the end as well” Velvet complains, while reading her bow.

“Don’t worry, my water magic should be able to send these slimes all the way down the cave with a blast or two.” Clover says aloud to us.

The three slimes in front of me start to slime there way towards me and I attempt to slash one of them to pieces but I’m unable to cut the gelatin like goo and do any damage. “Ugh I feel useless” I complain as I hear a water bolt shoot from Clover’s staff and into a unsuspecting slime behind me.

I attempt to make another slash at one of the slimes in front of me but my full bladder makes me stumble and I leak a little into my panties. “Hah, ah” I pant frantically as I use both my hands and legs to stop my bladder from leaking any more.

Our slime friend gives me a curious look as the aggravated slimes in front of us get dangerously close to enveloping me inside of them.

Whimpering I leak once more feeling the warmth of my urine run down my legs and start to pool in my shoes. I quiver in fear and I can’t help but close my eyes and let out an “Eep!” when I feel a slimy hand brush up my leg and move up towards the increasing wet spot on my bum.

“Hhhhhh...Ssst-top I’m gonna wet myself if you touch me like That!” Freezing up I feel myself leak straight through my panties and onto the slimy hand below me. Opening my eyes I see that the other two slimes are gone and our slime friend was sitting down right in front of me, slipping her hand into my leggings and caressing my soaked panties.

I can’t help but moan from her touch and I feel myself start to lose control of my bladder.

Eagerly the slime moves her hand around my crotch to absorb the wetness coming out of me.

“N-no Don’t push I’m gonna lose it!”

“Ah It’s leaking out! It’s coming out!” I cry out feeling my bladder giving out and the urine escaping into my panties and soaking my leggings.

“Oh no” I hear from behind me as my partners watch me embarrassingly wet myself right in front of them. Tearing up I let my legs give out and I fall onto the lap of the Slime Girl.

Sinking into her body I feel her sliminess caress my body once again, her slime licking up all the wetness on my body. I feel a warm pleasurable feeling as my mind and consciousness starts to fade. Just before I fall unconscious I hear the footsteps of my friends running towards me.
