Danny the king or Danny the kid ?

Author: Valandrea

*000*2023-05-24 17:16

Hello ! It’s been a while since I posted a story here. The other day, I was looking at Top Chef (it’s going on French TV for a few weeks now) and one of the contesters immediately inspired me a character. I wanted to write a story with depth so there is going to be several chapters. I’ll try to put some omorashi in every chapter but this is more about the relationship between a broken young man and his savior. I really hope you’ll like it ! Please let me know what you think.

Chapter 1 :

« Congratulations, Danny ! You are the winner of the 14th season of Top Chef France ! » yells the TV presenter. « After all you have been through, you made it, Danny. » he adds, eyes full of empathy.

A rumor of hands clapping instantly fills the room. The chef Hélène Darroze is embracing me. I hold the orange knife in my own hand. Everything moves so quickly. Everything around me feels suddenly alive.

Yet, I’m not here. I don’t belong in this picture. All those eyes and smiles directed to me seem fake, as if it was just a dream.

But then, in the crowd of faces I can’t recognize, I meet her gaze. And it all comes true. I am the center of this pure joy and this is all because of her.

They say this is the day it all started. The day when a young 20 years old man becomes someone. Someone who matters. Someone who shines. A star.

But, they’re all wrong. This is not the TV who made me. This is not my chef during the competition. This is not even this victory.

This is her. All along, this is her.

Today, I’m sick of everyone telling me who made me. I’m even tired of those who say I made myself.

Today, I feel the urge to tell the truth about myself. I feel the need to give her back what’s been hers from the start : my own existence.

I don’t care about this victory day, I care about the going through. This particular moment is not my becoming. Let me tell you how I became.

————————————————————————————————

Five years ago, on September the 3rd, I wake up. This is just a regular day in my not so regular life. I’m 15 and starting high school, despite my reluctance. I tried not to but there is nowhere else to go for me and nowhere else for them to put me. I’m an annoyance and I know it. I dare say I even like it. It gives a sense to my existence.

I’m not scared to start high school, on the contrary. Finally a new place to put people through hell ! And I know some older students there who already made my reputation… How fun this will be.

So when I live the foster care that morning, I don’t know that this is the day my life is going to change forever.

The day begins as any first day in a new school. We gather in the great hall and listen to a boring principal presenting the school, insisting on the importance of this year, bla bla bla… But the afternoon takes a turn I didn’t expect.

I follow my fellow classmates to the classroom that will be mine for the year. Same old walls, same boring chairs… We all take our sits, and of course, I take the one on the far back of the room. Far from anyone. I don’t intend to change my habits : I intend to stay alone and dangerous. I like what I see from the back of a room. I see everyone and no one can see me, unless someone dare turning to me, which no one in his sane mind does. Being in the back gives me tranquility and power.

But while I’m staring dangerously at my classmates, something strikes me. Something is wrong here. There’s an unusual calm around me. Nobody is even whispering. All the faces are turning to the head of the class as if something magical appeared.

But despite the strangeness of the scene, I joyfully welcome the silence. This is the ideal condition to make a smashing entrance. I could scream like a mad person, kick some chairs around, start a fight with some random guy for no reason. I could easily make myself known.

But I don’t move.

What am I waiting for ? I don’t know why but I stay still, silent. Something is holding me back. I dare to follow my classmates gaze and look in front of me.

I suddenly refrain a need to laugh.

Looking directly at me is a small young woman. She must be 23-24 years old. So small I could crush her with one kick in the head. But for some unknown reason, I don’t laugh. Instead, I unconsciously lower my head under her gaze.

For fuck’s sake, how can I just be mesmerized by such a little woman like that ?

I don’t know how to explain, even five years later, but the atmosphere in the room is forcing me to be calm, respectful, and somehow docile. How does she do that ? How can a little woman like her has such a hold on thirty kids she doesn’t even know ?

I find myself sitting straight in my chair, waiting for the right moment to blow. I want to blow ! I refuse to submit to that woman, to any woman for that matter. But there is no right moment. I listen and don’t say a word during this first afternoon. I don’t recognize myself but I can’t help it, I’m kind of stunned. She’s not a particularly pretty woman, nor a frightening one. Nevertheless, she talks and I just shut up.

Mrs Lebrun, that’s her name. So classic. Not even a little impressive.

There is nothing really that interesting in her welcoming speech. But there is something about her attitude, her voice, her eyes… She seems severe, cold even, but in the same time, she seems very close to her students. She doesn’t know any of us but she makes us feel like she sees right through us. There is something in the way she looks at us that I never seen in any teacher, in any person actually. She doesn’t just look at you, she looks into you. And that’s impressive.

During three hours this afternoon, I’m torn between my need to take her down and my incapacity of doing so. For the first time in my life, I feel weak.

When the ring finally bells, I get up on my feet with rage. I need to get out of here. I need to break or burn something. All this repressed rage is boiling in me, needing to come out.

« Danny, I need a word with you. » Mrs Lebrun murmured firmly.

I’m already at the door, I could ignore her and run. I could. But I don’t. Instead I turn back, swallowing with difficulty. Is it the rage or the apprehension ?

« Are you okay ? » she asks with apparent concern.

This is the first time in my entire life a teacher is concerned about my well being. Usually, they’re so scared or annoyed that they don’t even bother to look at me. But Mrs Lebrun is looking directly at me, her eyes burning my skin. I can’t help but lower my eyes again.

« Why ? » I ask brutally.

« You seemed on edge all afternoon. Am I wrong ? »

« I’m fine. » I say sharply. What does she want anyway ? Does she think we’re going to be friends ? I’m used to take care of myself. I’m an independent man. I never needed help from anyone. As I feel really annoyed by the sudden concern for me, I’m also a little bit moved by it. What’s happening to me ?

« If you say you’re fine, then you’re fine. » she says. « But starting tomorrow, I want you to sit here. » she orders while pointing the chair right under her desk.

« What ? Who do you think you are to give me orders like that ? » I am so furious that I forget her eyes, I forget her power and free a little bit of the rage burning inside me. This is going too far. She can’t think I’m going to obey her ! My heart is pounding like mad. I feel sweaty. I want to punch her. Do I feel a little nervous about her response though ?

« I think I am your head teacher. And I think you should calm down immediately if you don’t want to regret it. » she says calmly, looking straight at me. « You seemed on edge today and you don’t wish to talk about it. I can respect that. But what would you do in my situation ? Ignore and let go ? Well, that’s not the way I do things. As your head teacher, I have a responsibility towards you. I can’t go through your mind to understand what’s wrong but I can make sure that I see you more clearly everyday. »

I can’t even respond. She’s just so calm. I don’t know how to do with calm people. I can do with fear, anger, sadness but I’m lost in her assurance.

« Starting tomorrow, you will sit here. Do I make myself clear ? » she orders, confident.

« We’ll see if I even show up. » I dare to say. What can she do to make me come to school anyway ?

« I know where you live, young man. » she says, calm and cold.

Is she really suggesting that she would come and get me at the foster care ? No one has ever came to the foster care. Why a teacher that I just met is treating me like she knows and care for me ? I’m stunned. Suddenly I feel a curious pinch in my lower abdomen. Do I need to pee right now ? What is happening to me ? I’m suddenly out of breath. She sees my lack of control, looking right through me while I’m loosing myself. She sees that I don’t know how to deal with her, or me, and I’m unconsciously giving her power.

« Alright ! » I finally yell, annoyed by her absolute confidence and my sudden weakness. « I’ll sit here. » I say before leaving the room in pure fury.

I am so mad at myself. What’s going on here ? Why this obedience ? Why this urgent need to pee ? How did I become so weak ?

When I run with rage through the corridor to the nearest toilets, I don’t feel the drops of pee wetting my briefs. I run, unconscious of my lack of control. I don’t want to see the absolute change Mrs Lebrun has operated in me. I just run, as if I can flee myself.

When I’m finally in the bathroom, after smashing the door behind me, I discover in an absolute shock my wet pants. How did this happened ? I didn’t have the urge to pee before a minute ago. I just peed my pants ! Like a fucking three years old, I didn’t even realize that I lost control.

As I relieve myself, letting go the rest of my pee in the toilet, I feel my rage leaving my body. I’m not mad anymore, I’m just worried and tired. For the first time in my life, I completely lost control in that classroom. If I’m not in control anymore, what will I become ?

