A Yoga Instructor and A Little Too Much Jasmine Tea

Author: V.A.I.

*000*2024-01-07 00:10

Hey everyone! Lately I've been desperately trying (no pun intended) to continue some of the other stories I've posted, but I seem to have hit a brick wall there. While I figure out what to do about it, it seemed like a good idea to just write something else for a change, and this little story was the result. I got the idea from a segment in a certain Youtube video, I'm actually curious if anyone will be able to figure out where it is from. Anyways, enjoy!

#

Gwendolyn Heathrow sat calmly in the waiting room of POGO Health & Wellness center, a subtle trace of boredom infiltrating her mind as her wait neared the half-hour mark. She was no stranger to the art of patience; as a yoga instructor well-versed in her mind and body, waiting, akin to holding a particular yoga pose, was the very essence of her practice, after all. Hey, she even had some jasmine tea she sipped on occasionally from her thermos, perfect for further relaxation. As someone who basically made her living off of her physical health and appearance, she knew full well and swore by the vital role of proper hydration.

POGO Health and Wellness Center, commonly known shortly as POGO, was one of those jack-of-all-trades businesses catering primarily to a wealthy, almost all female clientele, providing goods and services ranging all the way from health and wellness, fashion, beauty, home appliances, food, and even sex toys—all unnecessarily overpriced, of course. Gwendolyn had worked with POGO as a yoga and general wellness instructor for about six months on and off; proportional to the exorbitant cost of the private yoga classes, her pay was also equally generous.

The reason for her wait here in POGO was not a yoga class, but to film a promotional video for one of their "new and innovative" products, the "Body Sphere". But do not let the fancy name fool you for even a second, as the product boiled down to nothing more than a piece of small and overpriced rubber gymball, marketed as a revolutionary new tool for self-massage. In essence, if you bought it, congrats, you just paid sixty dollars for a plastic ball. However, Gwendolyn wasn't complaining, as soon as she got paid handsomely.

After a total of fourty minutes from when she arrived, a middle aged woman dressed in all-white business attire walked in the waiting room.

"Miss Heathrow, welcome back," she greeted Gwendolyn with a smile. "Please follow me; we will get started with your clothes and make-up."

"Good to be back," the yoga instructor replied as she stood up and followed the woman.

The corridors were long, and the building in general was massive. There was not much to look around, aside from the occasional "spiritual" looking paintings on the otherwise white walls. However, Gwendolyn's frequent glances around weren't driven by artistic curiosity but by a more pressing concern; she was looking for that all-familiar restroom sign on one of the countless doors in the corridor. With her general practice of staying hydrated for better overall health and a radiant, glossy skin, paired with the cups of jasmine tea she was mindlessly sipping during her wait was starting to catch up to her, as she felt the first signals of a full bladder down in her lower abdomen.

She did eventually see one, and was about to ask the lady in front of her for a quick pit stop, but she was interrupted before she could do so.

"We'll take the elevator from here, Miss Heathrow," the lady instructed Gwendolyn. "We are rather pressed for time, so we must move quickly."

And there went her first chance, but she thought nothing of it, as the urge was not too pressing at the moment. She got on the elevator after the lady and they rode up, stopping at the seventh floor.

"This way please," the lady gestured once more. "Have a seat, our make-up artist will be here shortly."

With that, the lady left, leaving Gwendolyn sitting in the make-up chair in front of a mirror, tingling signals from down there still reminding her of her full bladder. Great, more waiting.

It took another fifteen minutes before the make-up person arrived. After a short introduction, she started working on her, urging her to stay as still as possible meanwhile. For Gwendolyn, whose bladder had been steadily filling since she sat down, not shifting her butt on the chair or crossing a leg over the other was definitely starting to become a challenge. Even with her best efforts, she could not prevent a shuffle here and there, which prompted a few warnings from the make-up artist.

"Aaaand... we're finished," the artist let her know after a final brush stroke. "You look great, Miss Heathrow."

"Aw, thank you," Gwendolyn managed a short smile. "Can I... I can stand up now, right..?"

By the time her makeup was done, Gwendolyn's bladder had become uncomfortably full. She sat with her hands on her thighs as she waited for permission.

"Yes please, if you could stand over there and undress, we will start dressing you up and quickly get you ready for the shoot."

Gwendolyn debated whether or not to ask for a quick visit to the restroom once again, but had decided against it, as she would most likely get the same urgent answer as the lady from before. Nevertheless, she was glad she got the chance to stand up and walk even for a few steps.

She removed her jeans and top, being careful not to make sudden movements. Unbuttoning her jeans did give her some relief, but bending over to remove her jeans and especially shoes was truly a pain. She stood in front of the lady in nothing but her matching simple white bra and panties, trying to pass the shuffling of her legs as a result of just being impatient instead of from her desperation.

After a while, she ended up putting on a pair of high-waisted beige leggings and a crop-style sports top with a matching color. The waistband of the leggings—which Gwen assumed were deliberately chosen a size smaller and tight fitting to make her look slimmer—was sitting right on her lower abdomen, which certainly did not make things easy in her predicament. With how tight they were, a bladder bulge was now visible on her abdomen, despite the fact that she was standing slightly bent forward to avoid stretching her bladder.

"Alright miss, you are officially ready," the make-up artist spoke after taking a final look up and down Gwen, clapping her hands in joy. "I must add though— your body is absolutely gorgeous..."

"Thanks..." Gwen replied, forcing a smile.

"And your skin is glistening, too... What's your secret? What products do you use?"

"Nothing special..." Gwen appreciated the compliments, but was also really hoping it wouldn't last too long. "Just... just plenty of water and jasmine tea..."

Gwen couldn't help but wince at the thought of all those fluids, as she discretely pressed her thighs together. Thankfully, the make-up lady just thanked her for her patience and proceeded to finally escort her towards the studio just across the make-up room; with the shortness of the trip not allowing Gwen to look or ask for a ladies' room.

Compared to what would eventually be a 60-second ad for a yoga product, the studio room was a chaotic mess. Various men and women were running around trying to set up the lights, adjusting the cameras, the stage, green screens, products and other accessories. Among all the ruckus, a blonde woman wearing a professional white business suit greeted Gwen with a smile while introducing herself as Laura Loxburgh, the director. Gwen returned her greetings, trying her hardest to hide both the nervous strain on her voice and the almost irresistable urge to fidget. Without losing much more time, the director grabbed a small light blue plastic gymball from the ground.

"As you were briefed before, this is our new product, the POGO Body Sphere," she explained as she handed it over to Gwen. "All we need from you is to say the name of the product, explain what you will do with it and demonstrate a simple stomach massage on this yoga mat on the ground."

"A... a stomach massage..?" Uh oh. "What... kind of stomach massage..?"

"Oh, very simple. You'll put the ball on the ground, lay on it face-down so that the ball is in between the ground and your abdomen, and you move fowards, backwards and to the sides for about thirty seconds. That's it."

Gwendolyn slowly understood what she feared in the back of her mind from the moment she felt the first urge to pee was about to happen. Having to pee was one thing; having to pee as badly as she currently did while dressed in tight leggings in front of a crowd was another. But all of that while doing a yoga move where pretty much her entire body weight would be pressed on her bladder for thirty whole seconds was something she wasn't sure she could handle in her desperate state. Once again, right as she was strongly considering asking for a bathroom trip before they began, the director clapped her hands and called out to everyone.

"Alright guys, let's begin. We don't have much time, we gotta try and do this in one take."

Gwen sighed deeply and tightly crossed her legs before carefully sitting on the yoga mat, strategically making sure to place both hands on her lap and slightly press down to ease some pressure off. It was successful—until the director urged her to grab the ball and start the first take. Gwen did so reluctantly; she put on her best confident smile and started speaking to the camera.

"Hey everyone, this is Gwendolyn Heathrow from POGO Health and Wellness, today I'll be... umm..."

"CUT!" the director yelled and waved her hand. "We need to speak a little more clearly, Gwen. Come on, take two."

"Sorry..."

With how full her bladder had gotten, Gwendolyn was hardly able to focus on the words. Sitting still and not being able to use her hands for support wasn't helping, either. Still, with great difficulty, she forced her body to listen to her commands one last time, squeezing her sphincter muscles with great force to be able to stop fidgeting, and faced the camera.

"Hey everyone, this is Gwendolyn Heathrow from POGO Health and Wellness. Today I'll be showing you how you can use our new product, the POGO Body Sphere for a stomach massage. This product and the particular method is great for improving blood circulation on your abdomen area."

This one was certainly going better than the previous take, but it was also getting nigh impossible not to squirm around like crazy now. Her legs were shaking from all the strain of clenching, and she was sure her facial expressions showed her distress too. There was no intervention from the director so far however, so she continued.

"What we're going to do is take our Body Sphere and put it on our belly button area, like so..."

Gwen dreaded what was to come.

"And then we're going to lay down on it and roll, pressing it up on our abdomen for at least thirty seconds." Gwen took a deep breath and braced herself. She slowly placed the ball right on her full bladder, going against the desperate screams of her bladder. "Here we go. We're going to go right, then left, and then—"

As soon as her bodyweight pushed against her overfilled bladder through the ball, Gwendolyn flinched in agony. The effort of holding back the torrent of pee in her bladder without pee dancing or getting any help from her hands had already pushed her body to its limit, and the push just so turned out to be the last drop. With a loud gasp, she completely gave in as all the pent up pee gushed out through her leggings, soaking both the Body Sphere, as well as the yoga mat. The poor woman could do nothing but sit there in embarrassment, peeing full force for at least twenty seconds before the pressure was low enough to be stopped by the joint efforts of her tired sphincters and both her hands.

Everyone at the studio looked at Gwen, whispering between themselves for a while, before the make-up artist from before finally walked up to her.

"Miss, are you okay..?"

"I'm... I'm so sorry..." Gwen tried to explain. "It's just... you were all in such a hurry and I didn't want to..."

"It's alright, could happen to anyone," the lady helped Gwen up with a sweet smile. Her leggings and her bare feet were absolutley soaked, pee still dripping down her ankles. "Come with me, I'll get you a change of clothes."

"Thank you..."

Gwen followed after the lady, continuing to apologize to everyone else as they made their way back to the make-up studio.

"I'm sorry again..." Gwen broke the silence. "I ruined these leggings..."

"Seriously, don't worry about it," the lady comforted her once again. "But if I could give one little advice..."

She paused for a moment and put on a sweet smile.

"...maybe go a liiiiittle easier on that jasmine tea next time."

The End

*003*2024-01-07 07:45

{{7 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Good story, also I'm sure that you will think of something eventually because i believe in you and your writing prowess.

}}

Thank you!

{{4 hours ago, DisturbanceID said:

I don't know where this idea came from but Im dying to know. I have always loved the idea of everyday devices that might induce desperation. Great story!

}}

Glad you liked it!

*006*2024-01-09 04:16

{{3 hours ago, The Drip Files said:

This feels like some sort of Goop parody... Is it?

Either way, what a fantastic little story!

}}

Yes it is! Congrats

*008*2024-01-10 09:01

{{On 1/9/2024 at 10:00 AM, NoahEdar0483 said:

What a wonderful story! I really enjoyed it! 😄

}}

Thank you!

