Train Ride

Author: Vena Sera

*000*2017-09-21 16:58

The train's air conditioning softly blew, cooling the interior of the train to bearable levels in the midsummer heat. To most commuters, this cool breeze was a welcome addition, an escape from the soaring July temperatures. Many commuters were in bliss, though some had wished that the air conditioning were cooler. One girl, however, cursed its existence as she silently shivered in her seat. Her petite, slim frame huddled beneath a large, black track jacket that was draped around her body, covering her like a wearable blanket burrito. Her head was tilted downward and her jet-black bangs fell over her eyes. Beneath the curtain of hair, her hazel eyes stared downward at a large gym bag, which sat atop her lap, as if afraid to make eye contact with other people.

Masumi knew, however, that she wasn't shivering from the cold. Her hands, hidden beneath her jacket, had fallen in-between her legs, and was applying pressure towards her urethral area. She regretted many things. She regretted overestimating her bladder capacity, and deciding to catch her current train, rather than take a bathroom break and miss the train. She regretted sleeping through her alarm, causing her to be late for swim practice and subsequently rush to the swimming complex, forgoing a bathroom break in the process. She regretted signing up for the swim club's summer training in the first place, as she wouldn't be in this situation had she done otherwise.

Masumi helplessly sighed as she slid her palms beneath her school skirt, clutching her crotch from beneath it. The skintight one-piece training swimsuit that she had worn underneath her clothes constricted her pelvic region, further worsening her predicament, though the exerted pressure against her crotch momentarily brought some relief. She was honestly surprised at how fast and how much her urge grew since leaving the house, and was relieved that her jacket and gym bag were disproportionately large; this gave her ample room to discreetly hold it in - the train was rather empty, but there were still people inside, and she didn't want to embarrass herself in front of them.

The train soon reached Kitamoto station. A handful of people begrudgingly left the train into the sweltering heat of the unairconditioned station, while another handful rushed in to savour the cool air, balancing it out. Masumi strongly considered taking a bathroom detour here, but calculated that it'd likely be faster if she stayed in the train and waited till she got to her destination, and used the bathroom there - she was running late, after all. The doors stayed wide open for a minute, allowing late commuters to catch the train, though Masumi felt like it was challenging her to get off. She stayed in her seat, and watched the doors close in, only to regret her decision as the train accelerated.

Getting from Kitamoto to her destination, despite being merely ten minutes, turned out to have been the most agonizing ten minutes of her life. In this timeframe, she began to break out in mild perspiration, as her bladder exponentially expanded. Every stop in-between caused her to die a little bit inside, fidgeting in desperation as she silently judged everyone for taking their time. Her spandex underwear pressed against her bladder, causing her to spurt a few times, and her expression changed from worry to fear when she felt the lycra moisten up and become slippery. Her grip onto her crotch tightened, and her toes curled up underneath her trainers as she focused all her energy to her nether regions.

Soon, the train reached Fukiage station. The train slowly came to a halt and the hydraulic doors opened, in a process that appeared to have taken an eternity to Masumi. Slinging her gym bag around her left shoulder, she took off out of the train carriage, analyzing each and every sign for one that directed her to the bathrooms. Her situation had become dire, and she needed to waste as little time as possible. Navigating the layout of the station (and leaking along the way), she finally made it to the bathroom. Rushing into a vacant stall, she threw her gym bag onto a door hook and tore her jacket off. She proceeded to yank her skirt down, revealing the sky-blue swimsuit she wore underneath, stained turquoise at the crotch and forming a cameltoe.

Jamming her thighs together, she frantically engaged herself in the painstaking task of unbuttoning every single button of her school blouse. On the third button, however, she froze dead in her tracks, and her hands fell as a familiar and dreaded warmth began to spread through her groin. The warmth flooded through her swimsuit, and spilled onto her legs, thawing it from its frozen position. Masumi quickly sat onto the toilet to prevent a mess, saving her socks, shoes and the floor. She pushed against her bladder in a bid to empty it quicker, and stood up once the flood receded. Surveying the damage, she found a giant turquoise stain, which stretched from the top of the gusset on the front, and traveled up the stitching on the back, fully soaking her butt and crotch.

There was no way that Masumi could hide her accident, but she wasn't about to turn up to training with a giant wet spot either. Unzipping her gym bag, she rummaged through her belongings, hoping to find her underwear. It then hit her like a freight train - running late, she hastily threw in clothes into her gym bag, but forgot to throw in any underwear! Furthermore, her current underwear was her swimsuit, meaning she didn't bring any underwear at all! She slammed her forehead onto a cubicle wall in rapid succession at her forgetfulness, frightening the occupant on the other side of the wall. She croaked out an apology as another flood started - this time, on her face.

Wiping away the tears, she figured that crying wasn't going to solve anything, and wicked away as much liquid as possible from her crotch, buttoned her shirt back up, and pulled her skirt over the accident scene. There was still a bus ride she had to take, and she still had to walk the remaining distance, a grand total of at least fifteen more minutes walking around wet, in public no less. She sighed in dread as she made her way out of the bathroom.

###

My first submission to this part of the forums in a while. Hopefully it isn't too bad; feedback is greatly appreciated!please be gentle on me

*007*2017-09-22 05:38

{{1 hour ago, phoenix80803 said:

This was certainly a good read. Is there possibility for a continuation?

}}

I currently have no plans to do so, but feel free to throw ideas for a continuation below (or PM me, either way works).

*009*2017-09-24 16:25

Guess I'm continuing this.*holds breath*

###

Embarrassment was too weak a word to describe the feeling that coursed through Masumi's mind as she boarded the bus. Deflecting eye contact with the bus driver, she hurriedly scanned her IC on the sensor, and took off in what can only be described as an awkward brisk walk toward the back of the bus, which was less densely populated with commuters. Finding a seat at the rear corner, she placed her gym bag on the seat, and carefully aligned her skirt with the bag, ensuring that her urine-soaked swimsuit only made contact with the black, waterproof sack. Squishing the excess air out of the bag, she balanced herself the seat, and shifted her focus on the view outside. The air-conditioned atmosphere found its way under her skirt and tickled her damp crotch, distracting her from thinking about anything other than her predicament.

Masumi was no stranger to going in her clothes, and being in the swim club meant that her suit was probably subjected to an equal amount of urine as chlorinated water and perspiration. This was especially so, given the tough training routine that the club had that resulted in a lack of breaks, the strict coaches that enforced said routine, and the difficulty that came along with using a toilet wearing a one-piece swimsuit. Most of the time, right there and then was the only option available, as nobody dared to interrupt. Because of all this, wetting herself was something she had gotten used to, and even began to secretly enjoy. In fact, since joining the team, she had lost count of the number of times she had had an accident, sometimes even when dry or in proximity of her friends and club mates.

Ideally, this meant that she should be fine with walking around soaked. However, as this was the first time that she had done so in public, this turned out to not be the case. Further compounding the problem, she had wet herself in a dry swimsuit, without a means to rinse off, and by herself with nobody even remotely familiar, let alone someone she was comfortable with, and all these factors ended up troubling her to no end. She could only hope the smell associated with urine hadn't plagued the entire bus as she hopped off a few stops later, silently apologising for it in her head.

With the thought of stench still prominently lingering in her mind, she took a detour to a nearby FamilyMart, and purchased a bottle of scented lotion, and four bottles of mineral water with it, though the thought of placing that anywhere near her mouth was unthinkable at this point. She lathered a small amount on her thighs and forearms, masking herself with the scent of aloe vera extract, before hurriedly heading off.

She made it to the pool exactly ten minutes late. To make matters worse, it was Coach Kitada's turn to coach. Amongst all the coaches in the swim club, Coach Kitada was the strictest by a mile. His gruff and hoarse voice, from many years of coaching, resembled sandpaper rubbing being amplified through a megaphone. His drill sergeant, no-nonsense attitude meant that any nail that stuck out, technique or behavior-wise, would be swiftly jackhammered down. His keen eye, almost always hidden behind a pair of vintage Ray-Bans, never missed anything around the pool, almost like a surveillance camera that was locked on every single student.

Coach Kitada almost instantaneously caught the tardy girl — though, in her defense, she never really made an effort to hide her presence. Nevertheless, he swiftly delivered a punishment of twenty extra laps in the pool to be carried out after lessons, with a side of yelling out a lecture on punctuality at ear-piercing decibels, voice never wavering the entire time, and attracting the entire club's attention. Masumi, on the other hand, was just glad to be able to jump into the pool and finally rinse herself off.

Three hours quickly passed in the midst of frantic training, swimming laps and conditioning, and the club was soon dismissed. Masumi quickly took a shower to cool herself down and almost shotgunned all her bottles of water in thirst and exhaustion. She dried herself off, changed into her school uniform, and wrapped her towel around her swimsuit and wrung it, transferring as much moisture as possible from the spandex to the towel, before hanging the former up on a rack to dry. Everyone had already changed and left, leaving her all alone inside. She lay on a wooden bench, waiting for it to dry, and soon fell asleep from exhaustion.

Having not set an alarm, Masumi soundlessly slept for a longer than intended period of time, only stirring when shaken awake by a security guard, who was locking up the place. In a panic, she quickly squeezed into her swimsuit (which had fully dried by then), threw her remaining belongings into a bag, and hopped on the first bus to the train station, all the while frantically calling her mother, and informing her about her slip up. Alighting from the bus, she sped into the train station, and managed to catch one back home, right before it left.

The night train, though still reasonably empty, had much more commuters on it now, leaving only standing room for Masumi. She stood by a corner, and decided to browse the web to kill time. Whilst idly swiping through her phone, however, she felt a sudden urge for the bathroom, this time even stronger than the initial wave of desperation she felt when she wet herself earlier. Unlike previously, however, her large jacket had been stuffed in her bag, and the train had started to grow crowded with people, leaving no room for her to retrieve said article of clothing. She clammed her thighs together, and gently applied pressure as her face formed a cute frown of frustration and unease.

###

I hope these additional paragraphs were fine.once again pls be gentle

I haven't really figured out how I want this to go, so I'm leaving it like this for now. You're welcome to post how you think it should end, if you'd wish.

*011*2017-09-27 12:30

The train idly coasted down its tracks, crossing through roads, fields and residential districts along its path. Drivers were forced to stop at intersections, as they gave way to the comparatively massive metal caterpillar, it's entrance capturing the attention of everyone in the area. Salarymen and women glared at it in annoyance, impatiently waiting for it to pas, hastily rushing across the tracks once it did, longing to find some solace from work back at their homes. An elderly man softly gazed at it as the train passed him on his leisurely stroll, reminiscing and comparing these modern trains to those he fondly remembered back when he was in high school. A group of children paused their game of tag as the train passed by, staring at the disruption in a mixture of awe and mild annoyance.

At least, this was all that Masumi was able to capture as she stared out the transparent glass window. Her head faced at the window outside, as she leaned back against a plastic panel beside a row of filled seats, standing with her right foot crossed over her left. Her large gym bag was slung across her right shoulder, the cylindrical black bag itself positioned in front of her. Her right hand dug into her skirt pocket, while her left hand was hidden behind her gym bag.

To the unsuspecting eye, it was just a high school girl leaning back, evidently exhausted from what could be assumed to have been physical training of some sort. Masumi, however, knew better. Though she was tired, her mind was wide awake and restless. She tried her hardest to continue filling her brain with the faces, houses and cars that passed by, hopelessly trying to distract herself from thinking about her current predicament. However, all that she could focus on was her bladder, which was starting to strain under the ever-growing amount of liquid that was being built-up.

Her left hand, strategically positioned in between her skirt and bag and hidden from plain sight, discreetly shifted itself beneath the waistband of her skirt, coming into contact with the skin-tight spandex underwear beneath. Sliding down the smooth material, she felt a bump around her pelvic region, almost like her bladder was swollen beyond capacity. Sighing, she turned her focus to a digital map displayed on a screen overhead, displaying the train's current location. Her destination, Omiya Station, was the very next stop.

She breathed an inaudible sigh of relief, and silently prayed for the rest of her ride to go smoothly, inconspicuously grabbing herself in an effort to keep it in as the train rode over the urban street. A few minutes passed, and the train rolled into the massive behemoth of a station. Omiya served as an interchange for at least fifteen different lines plying through the Greater Tokyo area, and therefore was a stop for almost everyone on the train, Masumi included.

The hydraulic doors slowly slid open, and at once people began rushing out of the train, crowding out the platform and causing a human jam. Jostling with the other commuters, Masumi managed to break through the crowd, and found herself free from the melee behind her. Her attention immediately went to the signboards above, as she obediently followed the signs that directed her to the restrooms. As she made her way into areas with lesser traffic, she managed to break into a brisk walk, speeding up her search for the corridor that led to salvation. Her bladder muscles slowly began to fail from the pressure of the swollen biological river, dripping out and getting caught in her swimsuit. In reaction, her haste increased, and she began walking even faster, in a bid to reach the restroom in time.

Giddy with desperation, she began subconsciously following random signs that, unfortunately, didn't lead to a restroom, instead to random parts of the station. However, her mind too distracted at her losing battle to take notice, and she continued aimlessly walking around. Her weakened bladder muscles allowed more liquid to flow through, causing her to leak through her swimsuit. She could feel her crotch warming up slightly, and she began to panic. An observant person would probably be able to notice the slightly transparent but glossy streaks that ran down her legs, gleaming under the white LED lights of the station, as well as the droplets that were left on the ground with every step forward she took.

Masumi's problem grew dire as the bathroom was still nowhere in her sight. She began to hunch over, one hand jammed between her legs. A sheen of sweat formed on her forehead, and her eyes darted around, unable to focus on anything other direction except up, hoping to find directions to the nearest restrooms. Her fidgety, restless and erratic movements caused a small stir, as other commuters began to stare at her, wondering if she was alright. Running into a crowded part of the station, she caught the attention of even more commuters with her actions.

Their reactions varied; some glanced at her in pity, while others stared at her with concern, and a handful even gazed at the desperate girl in arousal as she dashed past them, fantasies about a high school student having an accident in front of their eyes running wild through their minds. However, all of them elected to avert their respective gazes and carry on their way, not wanting to trouble themselves with the responsibility of helping her out, or accidentally create a misunderstanding.

In the direction she was almost sprinting toward lay a puddle of spilt water, left by a clumsy child with his water bottle. Masumi never saw the puddle, however, and ran right into it. Her right foot lost all traction, momentarily hydroplaning and causing her to slip backward. The sudden shift in weight resulted in her completely losing her balance, crash-landing butt-first onto the floor. Her skirt lifted itself up with the momentum of her fall and folded up, revealing the light blue swimsuit she wore underneath, the crotch darkened from leaking. The darkness then began to spread, a direct result of total bladder failure arising from the sudden fall.

As urine began to spill out of her, she sat completely still, as if spontaneously frozen in place in shock. The transparent puddle beneath her began to grow as a familiar warm liquid mixed with the spilt water, a clear indication to the increasing crowd around her, that she didn't make it. As her bladder fully voided itself onto the floor, she made the mistake of lifting her gaze, and came face to face with an entire crowd of curious onlookers, all watching her accident unfold, but none willing to step up and help. Helpless, ashamed and afraid, these emotions soon overwhelmed Masumi like a tidal wave, breaking her down into a bawling mess on the floor.

###

I hope this continuation worked out well - I'm not really sure as to how I wanted this to go, and ended up with this.I hope it's okay don't murder me

