The Walk From the Beach (Short Story)

Author: Varys

*000*2012-07-21 21:26

It was a normal summer day. The sun was hot, the air was pretty humid, and...There was just nothing to do. That is, until me and my friends decided on a trip to the beach.

We got there around noon, and just set about messing around, you know, as people tend to do when they’ve been drinking...oh, wait, I forgot to mention that. My friends had brought a cooler of beers to the beach with us. So by the time the management kicked us out for drinking in public, I had at least a half a dozen in me. As we were leaving, I felt an all-too-familiar fullness in my bladder. I was fine, I thought. It wasn’t as if I could go back to the beach and use the bathrooms there.

So that’s how I found myself walking home with my friends, laughing and joking, but acutely aware of my growing need. The beer was starting to want to get back out of me.

About two kilometers away from my house, my friends and I separated, heading our different ways. I was glad for the new solitude. My need had grown considerably, and I was now sweating with the effort of holding it in. As soon as my friends were out of sight, I pressed my legs tightly together and bent over slightly for a moment, as a wave of desperation took me. I had to hurry.

I got another kilometer before I had to stop and squeeze myself with both hands. It was really bad now. My cheeks flamed red as I looked around quickly to see if there was anyone watching me. I continued on.

Less than a hundred meters further I was overcome by another urge, and even as I grabbed myself tightly again, there was no stopping a spurt from shooting out and wetting my underwear.

Not here, not here, come on, only another few hundred meters... I thought to myself as I leaked. So close, yet so far.

No matter how hard I tried though, more and more leaked out of me, creating a dark spot on my pants the size of a dinner plate. Then suddenly, my body was having no more of it. Pee gushed out of me, darkening my pants in an instant. I gasped, the relief washing over me like nothing else. I removed my hands from my crotch, letting it all flow out easier, the relief was almost orgasmic.

I peed for almost a full minute before the stream slowed, and finally tapered off. I leaned against a telephone pole as I caught my breath, my bladder finally emptied. I opened my eyes again. The first thing I saw was my glistening pants, nary a dry part on them, and the puddle gradually spreading out on the sidewalk, and dripping off the curb on to the road. I looked up, and noticed Amy from my school staring at me with wide eyes from her front porch, across the road. My cheeks flamed up instantly, and I snapped my head down. Humiliated, I sprinted the rest of the way to my house, let myself in through the back door, and sneaked to my room.

First omo-type short story I’ve written. Based semi-loosely off of real-life events of someone who I talked to once. So yeah, tell me what you think!

~Dorito666

