Should have gone in the lake: A very public accident in the grocery store.

Author: Viesmann

*000*2022-08-08 21:09

A couple weeks ago me and my friends were on vacation and we went to a lake some 30 minutes away from the home that we rented. I usually have quite a tough time getting out of bed in the morning, especially if I have been drinking like we had been.

So naturally I only get out of bed when everyone is basically leaving and I just put on my swimsuit and get in the car. When I sit down I can feel my bladder, but definitely nothing to worry about yet.

When we got to the lake there were maybe 60 people scattered near the lakeside of a big grass field and only 2 people in the water. As expected the open field had no showers or bathrooms. I was quite eager to get into the water and release my bladder but my friends were taking their sweet time. Luckily it was not too difficult to stand still yet so I patiently waited for them.

Eventually only three of them actually wanted to go into the water so we walked over to the edge and put our feet in the water. The water was very cold and my friends and I only made it to about knee depth before realizing that it was really no fun to swim in this cold water. The other 2 people had also gone out and were now wrapped in towels on grassy beach.

I was contemplating going into the water just to pee but I realized that would be very uncomfortable and seeing me sit in the water would very easily give away to the whole beach that I was peeing. For the same reason peeing while standing knee deep was not really an attractive idea, plus I would have dried up pee all over myself.

My friends were already going back to our towels so I just joined them while my bladder gave a couple of angry contractions due to the cold and the denial of it's impending release.

While I lay down on my towel and relax I actually feel like it gets a bit more bearable and I chat with my friends until eventually even falling asleep for some time (I have no idea how long). When I wake up I notice my thighs are sore, which must have been from pressing them together in my sleep.

I really need to pee now, but I have been in this situation before and I know I can probably last about an hour longer. With a 30 minute drive back to the house that means I will have to stealthily hint at returning to the hotel soon.

Luckily some other people are becoming bored and soon we are talking about leaving. When we get into the cars one of my friends who was kind of taking the lead in the organization mentioned that we would still have to get some food on the way back. Some people volunteered to join her but four girls quickly spoke up about needing a wee and wanting to go in the other car.

I contemplated also speaking on my dire need but imagined the conversation in my head: Debating who had to pee worse would only delay all of us from reaching a bathroom. So I quietly got into the car that was headed for the supermarket and put my seat belt on.

I immediately felt the seat belt dig into my bladder and pulled it away with my hand. I realized it may be wise to quickly grab my towel from the trunk but that would be a complete admission to my need to pee and lack of confidence in my ability to keep it in.

When the other two people get into the back of the supermarket car I know I will just have to control myself until we make it back to the house with our groceries.

During the drive I can hardly keep still and my fidgeting legs keep rubbing up on the guy sitting next to me. He gave me a couple weird looks but luckily he did not actually say anything even tho he probably knew that I need to pee quite badly.

We eventually make it to the supermarket and walk in while all still wearing our swimsuits. Standing up out of the car I can feel that I am really close to leaking. I know that I might not make it all the way back to the house and contemplate peeing in the parking lot but my friends are already headed for the store and I can hardly ask them to wait for me while I pee in the middle of a parking lot.

I had to walk slightly hunched over because I had been sitting with my bulging bladder in my lap and it did not like being stretched out at all. If I had not been at the back of the group I am certain one of my friends would have noticed and I knew I would not be able to keep this up all the way through the store.

When I walked into the air conditioned supermarket my muscles contracted and I felt a warm feeling on the inside of my thighs. I looked down and saw a glistering reflection on my legs. They were wet since my swim clothes did not absorb any fluid at all.

I took a couple of steps towards my friends and another spurt of pee shot out, this time my knees were bent and so some of the pee fell on the floor, making an audible splash behind my feet. One of my friends looked over their shoulder and exclaimed some sort of shocked sound that attracted the attention of the rest of my friends and some other people to her and then to me.

Instinctively I slammed both of my hands into my leaking privates and turned around to go back outside and escape the situation. With every step a little bit of pee ran through my saturated swim clothes and down my legs. When I made it to the little gate it obviously did not open since it only opens to the inside.

I crossed my legs tightly to stop the steady stream and with both hands tightly squeezing myself I actually succeed in stopping the pee for a moment. All my friends and at least 10 people must have been looking at me at this moment but all I could think about was gripping myself hard enough to keep all of my pent-up pee inside of my body.

Suddenly I see the gate open from the corned of my eye as someone walked through it. Quickly I step towards the gate and grab it to keep it open and a large yet of pee shoots straight down between my legs.

I realize I have lost the fight and while hunched down, trying to do my best to minimize the damage I walk out of the store into the parking lot where I collapse down on the floor sitting against the wall while the rest of my pee shoots out onto the concrete.

My pee streams downhill in front of the entrance to the supermarket and people look at me with disgust as they try not to step in it.

When two of my friends make it out of the store to find me they try to calm me down, saying that it happens to everyone and offering to get their towels from our car. I say I would rather just go to the car and stay there while they do the shopping so that is what we did.

I sat on my towel while my friends bought groceries and also on the way back to the house.

This story is fiction, but based on true events from my vacation. Please leave any constructive feedback you can think of and I would love to thank all the other people that have taken the time to write all the stories that I have enjoyed so much in the past!

My original Reddit post: https://www.reddit.com/r/urinewords/comments/wjk2uj/should_have_gone_in_the_lake_a_very_public/

. If you click through to my profile there are some more stories and even some memes which is a sadly dying genre that I really enjoy.

