Vaine, Goddess of Death, Sexual/Peeing Adventures Throughout the Multiverse (Insanely Long Story)

Author: Vaine Steele

*025*2023-01-06 11:08

Chapter 4: Real Life Pokemon Are Terrifying!

My entire upper body is trembling as I'm trying to aim my rifle at this monster before me. A small... but not really, cat.. dog... mutant thing with a mouth full of dark gray fangs and glowing orange-red eyes. It's ears are also very thin, being lit a reddish pink from the sunset coming down from behind it. It's fur is barely there, what is there are dark shades of brown and gray and it's skin is deathly pale, like a turd that's been baking in the sun on the sidewalk for months. Anyway...

'This is supposed to be impossible...' My inner self says but I ignore it. 'We do not understand.'

I yell loudly like I'm John Rambo as I pull the trigger and spray the gun wildly. I fire off about 15 or 20 bullets I think, but only three hit the beast. Two of those tore through its head and the creature falls over dead. Phew, what a cliffhanger. Glad that's over. Yup. Completely over. Nothing else is gonna happen. Clickbaited you like a bunch of fools I did.

...

'Run. Now.'

I see the creature's head begin to reform itself and regenerate, slowly but surely.

"Oh shit. What the actual fuck?!"

'Don't stand here dumbfounded, just flee. Find a safe place to hide.'

I grab my backpack and bat and begin to run away but the monster is basically fully healed. It snarls at me loudly and squeals that ear-piercing scream once again. I make a mad dash around the corner but I don't get far. I feel a sharp intense pain in my left leg and collapse flat onto the concrete. I look at it moments later and realize it's no longer there.

Fuck fuck fuck! It hurts! It hurts so damn much! Fuck!

I look at the monster and notice that it's munching on my former leg that it severed. Deeply angry and in agony while not thinking clearly I shoot at it some more. My rifle makes loud clicking sounds within two seconds. Outta ammo or jammed I don't know which. Dammit. I hit it again in the leg as it slowly... or rather not so slowly it limps towards me with furious hatred. I try to crawl away as my leg isn't fully regenerated yet but I can barely move.

A car... I see a sealed car... like 30 feet away. Fuck. So close and yet so far right now. I throw my backpack at the fiend to try and distract it. That seems to work... for about ten seconds, giving me the time I need for my leg to basically be functional again but since it's only bone and muscle it feels like it's on fire in a hot tub of acid on crack. I stand up with my bat as a support and begin to hobble towards the car while gritting my teeth tighter than I ever have.

20 feet away now, maybe less. At this time I feel another massively sharp wave of pain go through me. Fuck. The creature bites onto my right asscheek, tearing it off along with any clothing that was there. I think it hurts slightly less than losing my leg but at this fucking point I can't tell. I scream again as I turn around and slam my bat into the creature's head as hard as I can. The few thwacks I can do only seem to make it angry though. It swipes at my lower abdomen and literally guts me wide open. It tears out my uterus, I think, and I don't even have the strength to cry out reflexively anymore. I just stare at nothingness in silence as my perception of time seems to slow down.

I tumble to the ground again, about 10 feet away from the car. Fucking hell I'm so close. My lady parts must be tasty though, since the mutant freak is still munching away at them. I don't know how but I push myself ever further, dragging my bloodied self across the concrete like a zombified corpse out of hell.

7 feet.

5 feet.

By this time, The freaking mutt is on my ass again, almost literally.

'Toxic Flatulence Level 1 unlocked.'

Huh? My core got an ability on its own?

'Forgive us but this is all we could think of doing, considering our life threatening situation and our lack of a large amount of stored souls. Please don't hate us.'

Within the next instant I feel a large excess of pressure in my butthole cavity. Uh oh.

I crack out a very loud and lewdly disgusting fart. It's bright green, like in those comic books or some kinda fucking cartoon. It covers up the monster's face in a cloud of stinky and it backs away while shaking its head in discomfort. It also melted away my pants and panties that were still in the way, leaving my anus exposed to the open air.

Oh gee thanks.

'Get in the car, the stun attack won't last long. We don't have enough digested food right now for us to make another.'

With blisteringly awful pain I pull myself up to the car's backdoor, heh, and it's unlocked. Thank god.

... Actually no fuck you God. God's a dick... and not the tasty kind.

I somehow manage to pull myself onto the back seats, adrenaline I guess, and I slam the door shut just as the fuck mutt slams into it, shaking the entire car in the process. I breathe a sigh of relief as I regenerate in relative peace. my open abdomen finishes making my new baby making parts and seals itself up. My asscheek is also back and as furry as ever. I feel very sleepy and I yawn. I'm so tired from all the bloodloss.

'We must not fall asleep. The fight is not over.'

Looking at the windshield in terror I notice that the hellhound from Dallas is looking right at me, snarling and drooling a mixture of my blood and its spit all over the glass, eww. It slams it's thick skull on the windshield and it cracks. Oh shit. I look around for some kind of weapon but all I can find is a half broken beer bottle underneath the right front seat. I get an idea quickly but I don't know if it'll work. It's the only one I have though so either this succeeds or I die with my ass exposed in a shitty car.

I try to concentrate as the windshield splinters further and looks like a body fell on it from really high up like in those hollywood movies. I wield the glass bottle and take a deep breath. I only got one shot at this. Within seconds it breaks through the barrier and dashes towards me without a second thought. Good. This is just an animal that lacks even basic levels of anthro intelligence.

With the last of my strength I plunge my hand and arm deep within the beasts maw as it opens. I push as hard as I can into the upper back part of its throat as the beast clamps down on my arm and the stupidly intense pain is back in full swing. The fiend stops moving though.

'We lodged it in its brain stem? Hmm.. good idea. With a physical barrier stuck in place to the already attached brain, regeneration cannot continue.'

"Save it!" I yell loudly. "Help me get my arm out! It's killing me god it hurts so fucking much!"

'We cannot help. Just have to pull our arm out.'

Oh fucking hell. This isn't like the last time where my leg and asscheek was just bitten clean off and they were allowed to start healing right away, half of my arm is still attached by muscle, skin and even fragmented bone. This is gonna be the worst pain I've ever felt in my life up until this point isn't it?

Fuck off. The universe can go die... in a few hundred trillion years or however the fucking long it's supposed to take. Fuck.

I strain with myself for nearly half an hour. I'll spare you the details. Needless to say it was indeed the worst pain of the day... and it was technically self inflicted. I finally pull out my severed and torn up arm and it finally starts to regen up again... and the pain I've felt for what seems like an eternity finally stops. So sleepy... so exhausted.

'One more thing to do before we rest.'

Fucking really?

'Go to our backpack, take out our switchblade and pull out this monster's core. Then it'll truly be dead once we break it.'

Oh yeah. I literally forgot since the pain was so bad I blocked out everything else. Like a angsty teenager woken up at noon on the weekend, I begrudgingly head out of the car and hobble like a ghoul towards my bag. Not because of pain but because of fatigue. I retrieve out one of my small knives from my bag, which now only has one arm handle thing and has a huge whole in the side of it. I'll have to get a new one later.

I walk back very slowly towards the car and begin to butcher the beast. I find a core inside its chest, where one would expect to find it. But whereas my core is supposed to be like a trigonal crystal all nice and uniform and pretty, this core is an ugly mess of shapes. It's like two marble balls smushed together with inconsistent spikes coming out of it. It's also reddish-orange in hue, whereas mine is only just red from what I've been told.

'Break it and we can finally rest. We'll have much to discuss once we're awake.'

"Yeah... we will."

It crumbles into dust very easily when I squeeze on it, surprising but whatever. Apparently we got 500 soul points from it though so damn.

I lay down on my back and try to relax. Honestly at this point, with all the extreme amounts of pain that I've felt today, the backseat of this car is very comfy. It feels like I'm in a 5-star hotel resort right about now. No mortal would ever experience this amount of agony unless they died shortly afterwards. Or I guess they could if they were in hell but then they'd be immortal and not mortal right? Ehh, whatever.

I decide to tease myself before I fall asleep, even if only a little bit. I spread my legs by about two inches apart, not much but enough. I then sigh as I let out a little bit of pee. It soaks into my torn up panties and pants and pubic fur and it feels like such a nice reward after enduring the worst day ever. I then hold in my urine for a few seconds by squeezing my clit together and holding my breath, before releasing a little bit more piss and exhaling. I do this several more times, teasing my pussy with my golden nectar and without touching myself as I feel all warm and cuddly inside. I want to play with my clit but I'm too damn exhausted and I just fall asleep into a horny smirk of a dream.

***

I'm in a pool in a hotel, naked and surrounded by my fans. Well, I assume they're my fans cus why else would they be here? They're all anthros of various beautiful shapes and sizes. They're wearing bathing suits and I think they're mostly females but there are some dudes amongst them as well. I don't know why I'm the only one naked here but I don't question it, I just enjoy being looked at by random strangers. Feels so nice. They're all touching each other through their swimsuits or making out but most of them are just looking at me lustfully.

"You look like a goddess!"

I hear a voice shout out in admiration and adoration as my nipples stiffen and my slit begins to excrete lady juice. We're all suddenly in a classroom and I'm sitting on the teacher's desk with my legs spread out wide and my pussy and anus is viewable from so many angles. My fans continue to gaze at me and I continue to get hornier.

"Come on everyone, get a closer look!" I shout with a seductive tone.

They all shuffle towards me and begin to whisper amongst themselves as they continue to stare at every inch of my nude body. a birdman steps forward more and begins to tease me with a large thick pink cock that's covered in my juices. I moan softly as my black clit lips experience the pleasurable friction of skin contact over and over again.

"Ooh! This is so good!" I say to my fans as the dick slides back and forth across my clit. I then feel another pair of hands on my breasts, rubbing up my smooth skin and silky fur before reaching my nipples and teasing them. I begin to leak more girlcum as my onlookers enjoy groping me. The cock then slides down between my thighs and my pussy spreads open to take the entire thing in. It's so long and thick compared to my little slit that I wonder how I could fit such an enormous member inside me. Nevertheless, it forces it's way in with a lewd wet schloping sound.

I cry out with warm delight as my virginity is taken. The dick begins to move as my hips start to rock back and forth, riding the big prick missionary style as my nipples continue to get sucked on by both men and women. I then feel my body get even hotter than before and my fluids begin to flow down and collect on my fans' feet and the floor beneath my legs. The inner walls of my birth canal are stretched wide and it feels so good. The dick is making me feel so full down there. I'm moaning and squirming in delight as the penis moves faster and harder. I can feel the pressure building up in my privates as the walls of my vaginal cavern begin to pulse with intense pleasure. I cum and I cum hard as I feel my womb fill up with sperm, it's so sticky and wet but it feels amazing.

"Ooh! Lady Vaine is having an orgasm!" One of the nearby women says.

I can hear the crowd cheering me on as my pussy convulses around the dick, spraying out more and more juices as the cock continues to pump loads of jizz into me. The anthros around me smile as my body shakes and shivers in pleasure. The dick plops out of me as semen begins to flow out of my cream pied pussy.

"Wow she's leaking so much!"

"That was great!"

"So that's what sex looks like..."

Those were just some of the comments of my onlookers. We're suddenly on a stage now, like some kind of Broadway play. I'm in the doggystyle position for some reason, bound by loose chains. My ass is up in the air and both it and my swollen vagina are on full display as they're facing the audience. I can see my butt through the large HD monitors that are mounted on either side of the stage. Ahh, mounted. God I'm so fucking wet.

"We will now present to you... one of the most beautifully known things in the galaxy... Lady Vaine's butthole!" Some random announcer beside me shouts like we're at some kinda monster truck rally. In fact that's where we are I think. Maybe. There's a loud cheer from the crowd. Lady Vaine huh? I like the sound of that.

"Begin!" The announcer says, or I guess orders rather.

The lights go dim and the only one on now is a spotlight shining directly on my sweaty fat furred ass. I feel like I could piss out a river. My fans begin to ohh and ahh amongst themselves as my butthole clenches and releases itself around thin air, it almost looks like it's breathing. The audience begins to chant as if they're watching some kind of sporting event.

"Ohhhh Lady Vaine, Lady Vaine, Lady Vaine!"

My body trembles with arousal. Oh yeah this is what I need. Thousands of worshipers are watching me, seeing every twitch of my pussylips and every crease in my butthole. I feel all warm inside, my clit quivers with excitement as my bladder continues to feel like it's filling up rapidly, like a garden hose attached to a water balloon. I give a cute little moan and am reminded of my first porno video I made on my phone. I guess it was similar to this. With a wicked grin I relax my urethra and feel the pee start to rush forth. It flies into the crowd with great speed, casting a golden shower storm onto everyone below me.

I think we're on a cruise ship or something now, not sure. The urine pours from my pussy as I continue to moan loudly, the crowd seems to be enjoying my divine rain that I've brought to them. They begin to shout out "More! More!" over and over again as their clothes and fur are drenched in my urine. The audience becomes even rowdier as I continue to spray out my piss onto my congregation, who eagerly bathe in it while still cheering me on.

I feel myself get even hornier and wetter. There's something very erotic about peeing and cumming at the same time, especially when you can't control which comes first. The feeling of my piss running down my legs and shooting into my fans personal space is almost too much to handle. I whimper with delight as my urination rate doesn't seem to change.

"Oh yes! You look so sexy when you piss, Lady Vaine!" Jason says with a devilish grin.

I can feel his hands sliding underneath my tail to squeeze my butt and my legs are trembling with pleasure. I give an innocent little moan in response, enjoying the personal attention as my piss stream finally starts to die down. I feel my thighs start to quiver as I'm overwhelmed by lustful desire. The smell of pee is very strong in the room but it doesn't bother me at all, in fact the audience loves it and most of them start pissing on themselves and others for fun. Half of them are naked now and most of them are fucking. The air is now filled with hot piss, sweet pussy and erect cock musk, a wonderful combination if there ever was one. I begin to pant in excitement as I feel the hands on my ass begin to finger my butthole. The crowd starts to cheer once again, egging me on.

"Do you like that, Lady Vaine?"

"Yes!"

"You're such a dirty little girl!"

"Oh fuck yes!"

The crowd continues to scream with delight as the digits enter deeper into my asshole and slide back and forth. My anus is so tight that I'm surprised the fingers are able to fit inside. I cry out with warmth and pleasure and the orgasm builds within me quickly. I can feel every inch of the members and exactly how they're bending around inside my rectum. My clit throbs uncontrollably, the sensation is overwhelming. I begin to squirt out more pee, drenching everything around me. My body is on fire, every part of it seems to be pulsating and I'm so fucking horny right now that I can barely stand it. It feels like I'm about to cum again but I want more and I need it desperately. I feel my hips begin to thrust involuntarily as the fingers continue their work between my asscheeks. I moan with delight as I feel myself approaching another orgasm. I feel a tongue begin to lick up my pee covered slit, tasting its unique flavor and savoring the sweet nectar as it dribbles from my nether regions.

The audience cheers louder as they witness me squirt and piss and squirt some more. This goes on for what feels like hours and hours...

***

I wake up in a slurry bitch-in-heat kind of daze as more golden nectar escapes my pussy. It's night. I'm half naked in a car and the smell of a rotting catdog monster is beside me. Oh yeah. Hell of a day.

What was my dream about again? Some kinda buttstuff? I think I peed alot too? Well I'm pissing right now... so... I don't know I can't remember exactly. Gah. Oh well.

'We were shuddering in our sleep. We had about three orgasms while dreaming.'

Hot damn so it must've been something very sexy.

'Probably.'

I stop urinating into my soaking tattered panties and barely-there jeans after a few seconds and open the car door. It's very dark and hard to see. Of course it had to be a new moon tonight. I fumble my way across the road, looking for my torn up backpack. I manage to find it after stepping on some sharp glass, ouch. But I grab it and hold onto it carefully, I don't want to let the stuff just come out of the big hole.

Get your mind outta the gutter. Oh wait my mind was already there a few minutes ago, whoops.

Anyway, I grab the flashlight that still works and take a look at what supplies I still have after that freakish monster attack. Three cans of food are torn open, as are several bottles of water. Great. My two stored away shirts are quite damp since they didn't really get any late evening sun. Thankfully my pairs of ugly panties and bras that were so tightly packaged were untouched so.. yay? That's good.

I open the last remaining bottle of water and drink half of it. I decide not to eat one of my two cans of food. I have a lotta shit to do tomorrow to get my supplies back. I take off my shredded denim jeans and yellow underwear and throw them away. I open a pack of panties and put on an ugly pair of pink ones. They're ugly because there're the blistery skin pink color and not the neon bubblegum kind that's cute. Oh well. My tattered tank top is also torn but not ripped apart completely like the other pieces of clothing were, so I'll keep wearing it for now I guess.

I walk back into the backseat of the car and try to get some sleep, but I'm unable to. It's not like I can really go anywhere in this situation anyway, so why bother. I turn around to try and rest my head against the rear window. This doesn't do anything to help either. I close my eyes and focus on calming my breathing, I guess my body is just waiting to see if anything else will happen. It's at this point when my AI core and I have a long conversation.

'We suppose we want to talk now?'

"Sure. Thanks for saving me with that fart powerup or whatever. Although now it sucks that everytime I pop one out I'll have to be worried about poisoning someone."

My core stays silent for what feels like a long while, like it's staring at me guiltily even though it has no eyes.

"Ok. Say it. What the fuck are you hiding from me now?"

'We suppose now is a good time to show us the HUD. If we wish to activate it again just think about it and it'll show up.'

Something like a bright LCD screen, but completely see-through, comes across my range of vision. It's visually striking and yet I feel no need to close or squint my eyes. It's basically like the pause menu of a generic RPG or something.

"Of course you were hiding yet something else from me. I shouldn't be surprised."

'We were going to explain it to us the day we met but we refused to talk about it at that time and said we'd discuss it later. Later is now.'

I sigh, mildly annoyed but still with abit of understanding. I recall indeed saying something like that when it came to displaying my soul counter somewhere within my line of sight.

- Soul Power(SP): 598.12 -

That's what is displayed in the bottom left corner of my vision with the HUD up. There's also my heartrate and blood pressure displayed in the top right, along with a red bar that wouldn't look out of place basically any video game that displayed your HP. Although I'm informed that this is basically my blood counter, that if it drops too low, we lose consciousness and my AI Core has to reboot me or whatever. I also have a green and blue bar, for a total of three. I'm not sure what those would be. If this were a video game I'd assume they'd be stamina and mana counters but this is real life. There's no numbers or letters beside any of these bars so, who knows what they are.

'Our green bar shows how much nourishment we need and our blue bar is how much we need to sleep to stay adequately functional. These are just estimates though and won't always line up with how we feel.'

Ahh, ok. Makes sense. My green bar is like 75% full and my blue one is about 95%. Explains why I can't fall asleep right now I guess.

There are also four submenus that I see in the top left, which I assume lead to other information.

Overview

Skills

Status Effects

Internet Browser

Huh. Wait what... you mean to tell me I have built in wi-fi or some shit? What the fuck?!

'Something like that.'

Wow. Way to be a dick and not tell me that before. I'll look at that later, for now I take a quick glance at the other menus.

Overview

Reaper Number: E-237-NIN

Reaper Name: Vaine Steele

Gender: Female

Age in Native Planet Time : 18 years, 2 months, 13 days.

There is a bunch of other info but it's all rather bland and basic shit. I guess it's like my merchandise information for my owners or something, if I had any. Which I guess I do, the mysterious Creators... ohh, spoopy.

Skills

Cold Resistance Level 1: Provides a very basic amount of cold resistance.

Digestive System Rework Level 1: Converts solid waste into liquid urine. Does not effect gas. Increases urination rate by 300%.

Regeneration Level 1: Provides a very basic amount of core body regeneration. Does not nullify pain.

Quick Reflexes Level 3: Provides a low amount of above-average dexterity.

Soul Energy Resistance Level 3: Provides a low amount of resistance to the negative effects of soul consumption.

Thick Skin Level 1: Provides a very basic amount of defense. Nullifies pain very slightly.

Toxic Flatulence Level 1: Turns expelled anal gas into a very weak poisonous gas.

Next to each skill, besides regeneration, there's an option to turn them on or off. Seriously? What the hell? You mean I can turn OFF abilities at any time? That's... actually convenient if I wanna have a uniquely sadistic ability on every so often for my victims but off for the rest of the time. I start to get really wickedly sexual execution ideas in my head and I grin.

'Please don't.'

I can't help but laugh at myself. It's whatever, plenty of time to kill fools with sexual things once I have all the basic abilities I want. I turn off my toxic farts, sorry boys, but I leave everything else on for now. Next up, I check out the third menu.

Status Effects

In Heat: Feels constantly horny due to age/time of year.

There's a few minor and boring effects but that one sticks out to me. In heat? Really? I guess it makes sense but damn I kind of forgot it's that time of year. For those that don't know, anthros, especially females who're going through puberty who're young and breedable, experience unending desires to fuck at certain times of the year. For my species, a foxmorph, that time runs roughly from May to August. I can't believe I forgot about this. But ehh, it's the end of the world or was so I was distracted most of the time.

In fact it was two years ago when I first felt these feelings, a few months after I turned 16. I mostly suppressed them though since as I've said before I had no desire to be intimate with anyone. I mean yeah I touched myself sometimes but I grew bored of it quickly. My first orgasm was the first day I was a Reaper... I had no idea what sexual pleasures I was missing out on at the time. But oh well.

I guess that explains why I've been so horny around Jason. Only boy for literally miles upon miles around... and I have a primal need to have his dick in me. Gah. I've heard that heat in anthros usually stops around age 25 or so... but who knows if that'll be the case now that I'm a Reaper. It's just something I'll have to deal with I guess.

At least it's nice to know what's going on with my body and to have... some kind of explanation at least. I've never felt quite the same since I died and well, came back as a new me. But oh well, I can only move forward. I take a look at the fourth and final menu option.

Internet Browser

Browse the Internet? (Y/N?)

I think yes of course and within almost an instant a webpage is within my full range of vision. It's a search engine by the name of Mojeek. Huh. I guess Google, which is mostly an American company, no longer exists. With just a little bit of research I find out that Mojeek is a UK search engine. USA has basically gone to shit with complete anarchy taking over almost everywhere, despite Dallas Texas being the only city hit by the Sentinels. Mass panic set in I guess and my country apparently just destroyed itself from the inside out. Yikes. During that chaos, Russia took over Canada, Brazil and Mexico are locked ina bitter mostly naval war in the Caribbean Islands and China has forced itself into all of Korea, Hong Kong and Taiwan all at the same time, with Japan somehow holding them back from their lands.

There's a few other major wars now but god damn the world is in turmoil right now. Like world war 3 started and ended in several places at once. Only Europe seems to be holding it together although just barely. So much panic over a single alien spaceship, which apperently no one outside of Dallas has lived to see so... guess that makes me special. I spend the rest of the night just getting one huge info dump thrown at me one after another and within hours, the sun begins to rise. I need to take a break from the internet so I get out of the car, stretch my legs and take a nice long morning piss while staring at the sunrise.

I spend the next few days finding another backpack, more food and water.. and pants. As I continue to explore the eastern edge of the city, I notice that the desert is already trying to take over the area. Alot of sand that has blown around which would normally be cleaned up, has been allowed to gather and collect in various spots. Most of the smaller roads that I see that used to lead out of the city are now mostly covered in dirt and sand.

Nature is taking over again it seems. Oh and the alien ship that attacked Dallas on April 17th? You know, the one filled with Sentinels? Yeah it's still up there just... hovering ominously.

&&

What? Did you think the chapter was over now? Nah man, I just wanted to show another picture. Jabaited son. I found this one online, which was some random artists interpretation of what the ship looks like. But since no one outside of the city knows what it looks like, they had to make it up. Trust me bud it's not an airplane, I'm looking at it and it's more of like... I dunno, a giant floating manta ray with extra wings? Fins? I dunno. It's hard to describe when I try to.

&&

Dammit why'd I have to remember my embarrassing childhood drawing? Don't publish that get it away! Enough with the pictures! Man... learn to not spam the chapter you stupid writer you. Ahem...

Point is, the picture of the spaceship looks kinda cool so I'm sharing it. It'd make a cool poster if I still had a stylish bedroom to put it in.

Anyway... moving on.

I don't have a weapon so... I need to find... something. My bat that I used for the last time against that mutant dog freak fell apart during that fight so... yeah. Plus my jammed rifle I just left it behind because I have no idea how to go about fixing it. I've got nothing to defend myself with right now and that could be a huge problem if I run into something else that was somehow mutated by the Sentinels. My core and I have been discussing what could have created the monster over the last few days.

The jist of it is that we're baffled. Such a beast shouldn't have been able to evolve the way that it did, since the infection process is only supposed to effect anthros and not well, other lesser instinct driven animals. Our best guess was that a desperate cat or dog or.... carnivore ate some kinda nasty infected rotting flesh and it somehow survived and mutated. But as I've said, that's supposed to be impossible. Alas, it's a mystery I cannot solve right now so, may as well not dwell on it. I can only prepare to fight the next one I face. I'd like a blade of some sort that's not my small knives. They're not ideal for fighting with in the slightest.

I continue to explore the city for about a week and I don't really find any sorta weapon. I found a crowbar in good condition and a few more combat knives but no swords. Typical for 2008 I guess, we're not in the middle-ages anymore. Still I'm frustrated and horny. I haven't masturbated for a while now and I'm feeling skittish.

***

It was in this state when I came across him. A fresh body, or mostly fresh at least, of a young male anthro with white fur and specks of green thrown in around his tail and fingers. There was a massive concrete block where his head used to be. Viscera is scattered all across the sidewalk and road, which are pieces of what I assume used to be his head.

Ahh, Jason. looks like you "died". Shame. Oh I don't feel bad at all, I'm just saying shame as kind of a joke. Ahahahahaha! The loser died! Ahahaha.. ahem. Oh this is joyful. If my phone still had power I'd snap a picture or three right now.

'He's still alive, he'll regenerate once his core completely detaches from his current body, which could take weeks or months. He just can't grow a new head right now with his neck pressed directly up against that slab of rock.'

Makes sense I guess. Still, he stinks. Like really badly. Oh wait he's rotting. Duh.

Like a cat who's too curious for their own good I move in closer. I notice he had a big hiker's backpack with him so I rummage through it to see what I can find and holy hell I've hit the jackpot. He has a sheathed sword with him. No I'm not talking about his rotting dick, eww fucking gross, I don't wanna think about that mental image right now. Fuck me my brain sucks.

Anyway, looking closer at the blade I notice that its hilt is a replica of Andúril, Flame of the West. (Don't sue me please Simon, thanks.) How do I know what sword this is imitating? Because I've watched Lord of the Rings too damn much like the nerdy gothic girl I am. I wield the blade and accidently cut myself.

"Still sharp." I retort.

Ok I'm done with referencing Lord of the Rings now. Sean Bean is hot. I mean what?

I strap the weapon to my belt, now I'm a proper knight or rouge or whatever. I'm about to walk away and leave my rival here to rot and reform whenever but I stop myself in my tracks. I notice a faint red glow coming from his chest underneath his filthy shirt. It's kind of a pretty sight in an otherwise grisly scene. Ahh, fuck it.

Without doing much thinking I take one of my knives out of my pack and cut deep into his chest cavity. It doesn't take long for me to pull out his crystalline core from his bloody torso and I just hold it up in the afternoon sunlight, looking at its neon-like crimson shine.

'We don't recommend eating him. If we are caught which we are 99% certain to be, the Creators will imprison us and harvest us for breaking one of their established rules.'

"But if we do... we'll gain his power right? Didn't he brag about having close to a million souls worth of strength? That'd be huge for us."

'Indeed it would be.'

I just continue to hold it up for awhile as I stare at it in a rather hypnotic gaze. It's like it's... calling to me. Like there's something about it that is telling me that if I consume it... that everything I ever wanted will come to me. And I want so many things I can barely keep track anymore. I lick my lips, I don't know if it's out of lust or hunger but whatever.

I could do it. I should just eat him. Who would miss one random asshole like Jason anyways? I wouldn't that's for sure. The fucker stomped all over my dignity the day we met so why shouldn't I just consume his soul? That'd be the ultimate fuck you right?

As my mind continues to wander to dark and selfish thoughts, memories of my parents flash through my brain. Why? Why now? My hand wavers slightly as I turn my gaze away from the crystal core. I remember... anthros that I used to love and who loved me. For some reason brief flashes of my former life that I've chosen to forget come to the forefront of my consciousness.

I lose the will to stand and I plop down on my ass with a thwomp and I'm sent back to reality. I drop Jason's core by accident and it begins to slowly regenerate itself now that I've let it go. I rub my sore buttcheeks as I stand up, trying to not vomit at the sight of someone reforming in front of me from the inside out. I'm glad I let it go too, because it's only now when I notice all the Sentinels around us, more so around me. If I had eaten him they'd probably would have torn me to pieces. Damn.

It doesn't take very long at all for the hairy slime mold flesh pile in front of me to look like Jason again and I kinda grin uncontrollably once I realize he's naked. Of course he is, his clothes aren't going to regen too.

I look down to his crotch out of sexual curiosity, expecting to find the thick cock that he's fucked me with in my dirty dreams. What I see though... makes my face contort into an expression I can't explain. His cock is tiny. It looks like a pencil poking out from between two fingers... if those fingers were severed and just the tips existed.

God damn, for someone with such a large ego, he sure doesn't have anything to back it up- Oh. Wait was he an asshole asshat from planet Ass because of his small flagship dick? Nah that can't be the only reason. Maybe he hated me at first because I'm a woman and other women have laughed at his spicy man-meat? Possibly.

He wakes up about 15 seconds after his body has fully formed again and his red irises are staring directly at me.

"Whoa whoa. What the fuck?" Jason blurts out, almost in a panic.

"Relax." I say with a smirk. "Your head just got crushed... I assume about a week ago. I pulled out your core so you could regenerate up a new body. You're welcome."

He looks down at his privates and notices that he's fully in the nude. "What the fuck is wrong with you?!" He shouts at me as he covers himself up with his hands.

"Geez well, good morning to you too." I tease half-heartedly. Seeing him like this is hilarious and fun. It feels nice to get back at him after how much of an asshole he was when we met close to a month ago now.

Jason looks around for a moment, noticing all the Sentinels around us and noticing his own former rotting corpse.

"Why didn't you just pull my body away from the concrete block and let me regen in my original body?" He mutters to me, still clearly pissed off and embarrassed that I saw his junk.

"Really?" I tilt my head sarcastically. "You wanted those clothes stained with your rotten flesh, piss and shit to be around your balls and nipples when you woke up? Well I mean whatever your kinks are sure but damn you'd be freakier than I am if you enjoyed all that."

"Ugh. Why don't you just get lost already! I'm not interested in talking bullshit with you right now. Could you give me some fucking privacy?" Jason snaps, still clenching his balls like a madman.

I chuckle before answering. "I've already seen your little member. You've got nothing else to hide from me."

I smile as I watch Jason's face slowly transform from one of rage into a blush that makes me feel a warm tingle deep inside my nethers. Oh fuck taunting him feels so good.

"You know..." I say as I turn away from him with my arms crossed. "You could have stayed in my bed that night at the motel. But instead you ran away before I even woke up. For someone who said once how your so much better than me... you seem to be pretty fucking messed up yourself."

He snorts and turns his head to the side as he rummages through his backpack for some clothes.

"Whatever. Fuck off." He bluntly says. "I don't need another bitch in my life telling me how shitty I am."

"So I was right?" I blurt out.

I cover my mouth once I realize what I said. Guess a recent girlfriend or something pissed him off afterall. Man I should be a detective.

"Right about what?" Jason says as he puts on some boxers and a undershirt.

I turn to face him again as I reply.

"Nothing. Forget I said anything." I manage to say, somewhat embarrassed.

Why am I hesitating now? The fuck is wrong with my emotions? He's the asshole who called me a shitty toilet licker or something, why am I feeling this way? Dammit Vaine.

Jason looks over towards me and notices me staring at him. I can almost see his brain thinking over his response as he stands up and dusts off a pair of ragged jeans that he puts on. He's not going to deny that he's an asshole because we're enemies... but I'm pretty sure he won't be saying anything about him being a coward. He doesn't have the guts to tell me how he feels, if he has any romantic feelings like I have. Maybe if I give him enough rope he'll hang himself for real this time. Dammit why'd I remove his core? I should have just let him rot here and given myself time to catch up to his power level.

"Listen... I know I've been pretty much an asshole towards you since we first met. I said I was sorry back at the motel. Or did you forget that?" Jason intones.

"I didn't forget." I respond. "Your apology just didn't feel authentic since you just left the next morning without an explanation."

He sighs heavily and crosses his arms. "Alright, whatever." He says simply as he walks away from me towards the east side of the street. "We'll leave the past behind us for the moment. We've got more important things to do right now."

"Wait... what things?" I look at him all confused.

"You've not run into one yet? The monsters with mutated Sentinel cores inside? Of course you haven't, you'd be dead." He looks at me bluntly, almost with pity.

"Hey now fuck off I killed a freakish dog thing like I dunno, eight days ago? Seven?" I curse him out.

"Yeah well, somebody had to make those, someone inside the city. We need to find out who and stop them, or at least get them under our control." Jason states with a rather official tone.

"So... what you wanna team up?" I sigh. "You told me a few minutes ago to get lost."

"I know, sorry." He replies in a half-mumble. "It's probably safer if we travel together, at least until we find and kill whoever is trying to make our lives more difficult."

"Ok fine." I give in. "But I'm keeping your fucking sword. Think of it as payment for pulling you out of the rubble."

"That's fair." He laughs. "I have several more at my homebase anyways, we'll stop by there first."

Of course he does.

And so, we headed out. We spent several days together just exploring and looting. No fucking or kinky stuff though, Jason and I basically felt like siblings or roommates or something. If he felt attracted to me he sure as hell didn't show it. Regardless, on like our 9th day as temporary allies, we came to a crossroads in the south-east section of the city.

Before we even realized the immense danger we were in, a loud booming sound flung through the air. We looked up just in time to see a missile hit a nearby skyscraper... and we were pretty much right below it.

&&

*026*2023-01-06 11:18

Chapter 4 is here, looks like I don't need manual approval anymore so yay.

This chapter is mostly non-sexual as well but no worries I'll make up for it in chapter 5. I've been intentionally holding off on the Jason/Vaine sex since well, it's her first time. Not sure how good I am at writing "romance" but hey I'm trying, kind of lol. I tried for more comedy in this chapter as well, which is also a weakness of mine in terms of writing. I hope it's at least passable. I love tiny dicks they're cute don't hate me please.

I decided to add more pictures randomly out of a spur of the moment decision, one could always lemme know if you like this change or not. I figured if a character sees like a poster or a painting or something in the story that I could just show it but maybe it's not a good idea. Regardless I hope you enjoy and hopefully the graphic "fight scene" doesn't get me in trouble.

Nevertheless, thanks for reading and see you all next time.

~Vaine.
