Locked In With My Teacher

Author: V.A.I.

*000*2023-02-17 20:09

Hi everyone. So uh... Turns out writing omo fictions is really fun, so I wrote another one (first one here

). I think this one' turned out a little shorter and to the point than the first one; which I think was its biggest weakness. I'm still learning though, so criticism is appreciated. Lastly, I might write a part two based on the feedback. Enjoy.

#

Hi. My name's Ocean, and I'd like to tell you guys about one of the most memorable events of my high school life involving me and one of my teachers. Here we go.

Most people I know seem to consider high school as one of the best periods of their lives. I can see where they're coming from; it's our last chance to have some fun before the stress of life inevitably comes crashing down on us, but my high school life was generally pretty uneventful. My grades were good, but as an introvert with basically no friends, I was constantly bored. One thing I always looked forward to, however, was the club activities. I used to be a real jack of all trades when it came to my hobbies, so a lot of different clubs would also appreciate my participation and efforts.

My favorite was definitely the theater club, which was mainly responsible for preparing and presenting historical plays, small-scale oratorios, musicals and things alike to be performed in front of the school during special holidays.

In addition to me and a small group of other faithful students, perhaps the most dedicated person in the club was our literature teacher, Miss Keller. She was the headteacher of the club, and was responsible for everything from directing the plays to choosing what roles each of us would play and a lot more. Not many students liked her, as her demeanor could come off as a little too strict, even harsh at times, but she was really good at her job and that alone made her invaluable in my eyes. I myself did not particularly like working with her, but she had my utmost respect for her determination regardless.

Anyway, the school had asked us to perform a historical play for the national independence day. A week before the day, me and the rest of the club were staying in after school to rehearse, Miss Keller included. I remember she acted particularly irritated that day, but I thought it was understandable given her personality and the fact that the day of the show was getting near.

I was rehearsing lines with a few other members in the theater room as I heard the sound of Miss Keller's high heels approach closer. She entered shortly after with a large cup of coffee in her hand.

“Places everyone, places, we don't have much time.“ she ordered us immediately as she took her seat. We took our places immediately. Miss Keller took a look at the stage and paused abruptly.

“Wait... where are all the stage decorations? Who here was in charge of them?“

I was, but she had never told me to have them ready for today, so I had assumed we would just rehearse without them.

“It's me, Miss,” I stepped forward. “Buy they're locked in the storage room in the basement of the gym building, and our P.E. teacher Mrs. Monroe has the only key, so...“

“So..?“ she interrupted me. “Go get the key from her and get everything in here right now.“

“Umm... Her last class ended a few minutes ago, so she's probably on her way home by now,“ I answered. Miss Keller sighed deeply and shook her head in disappointment before taking out her phone and calling the P.E. teacher.

“Ocean, come with me to the gym building. Mrs. Monroe is on her way back; we'll meet her there. Rest of you, keep practicing lines and DON'T go anywhere until I get back, understood?“ Miss Keller told everyone with a firm tone, before grabbing her cup of coffee and gesturing me to follow her to the gym.

As she walked in front of me, I got to take a good look at her outfit; I always admired her her sense of fashion. On that day, she had the most fabulous grey suit skirt-blazer combination with a white blouse, complimented by transparent stockings and black high-heels, with just enough makeup and accessories to accentuate her natural beauty. The clicking of her heels echoing in the empty corridors, combined with her gorgeous figure for her age, was almost hypnotizing to watch. I only hoped she would keep sipping her coffee on the way instead of turning around, so I could watch and appreciate her beauty all the way to there, and she did just that. She threw the empty cup in a trashcan as we went down the stairs to the basement of the gym building. Mrs. Monroe was waiting in front of the door with her arms crossed and tapping her feet with an impatient expression in her face.

"Thanks Beth," Miss Keller smiled at the woman as she took the key. "Sorry for bringing you all the way back here...

"Yeah, I was halfway home already..." Mrs. Monroe remarked in disappointment. "Just hurry up."

"You don't have to wait for us, we might take a while..." Miss Keller suggested before unlocking the door and giving the key back to her. "Here you go."

"Alright then, just make sure you don't accidentally close the door behind you; the door is broken and won't open from the inside without a key, and I really wouldn't want to come all the way back for a second time." She took the key back and made her way upstairs. "See you tomorrow, Diane."

"We'll keep that in mind, Mrs. Monroe," I answered since Miss Keller had already stepped into the storage room to look for the decorations. "Have a nice day."

"You too, Ocean."

And thus, we started gathering up the things needed for the stage. Miss Keller was like a kid at the candy store; running from one corner of the room to the other excitedly, grabbing all kinds of stage equipment and piling them up next to the door. That enthusiasm, dedication and focus on the task at hand was precisely why I liked working with her. That dedication would always show up in the results of her work too; the plays we performed would always be met with a big wave of applause.

I got woken up from my long stare of admiration with a strong wind on my back, followed by a loud bang coming from behind. Me and Mrs. Keller jumped and turned back to look, startled by the sound, to see that the door had now closed behind us. Both of us let out an almost simultaneous "Oh no."

"Ocean, I told you to put something in front of the door so it wouldn't shut, weren't you listening?"

"I did, Miss, but it must have been too light..." I was sure she didn't actually tell me to do anything, but I had still put a box in between the door and its frame. It was now nowhere to be seen though, so I assumed it must have been swept away by the momentum of the door and was now outside.

I ran up to the door and tried opening it with all my strength, but just like Mrs. Monroe warned us, it wouldn't budge an inch.

"We can't waste our time here..." Miss Keller shook her head an sighed. "Ocean, do you have your phone with you? Mine's in my purse upstairs; call one of your friends and tell them to find and bring back Mrs. Monroe before she's on her way back home."

I pulled out my phone from my pocket, but as I had suspected, I saw a "no signal" sign in the corner of my screen. We were technically two floors underground, after all. I shook my head.

"I can't get a signal..."

"You can't be serious right now..." Miss Keller mumbled under her breath as she hastily walked towards the door. "Hello? Anybody out there?" she yelled through the small keyhole as she lightly banged on the door. No answer.

"Well, somebody from the club should eventually notice us gone, right? They know we'd be down here too," I tried looking things on the bright side. "I guess we'll just have to wait..."

"I guess so..." Miss Keller answered with another deep sigh. I pulled out two chairs from under the pile of decorations and gym equipment and we sat down and started waiting; with me mostly on my phone trying to pass the time, and Miss Keller crossing her arms and impatiently tapping her fingers, looking around to find something to distract herself.

In the next fifteen minutes or so, I had noticed Miss Keller starting to get increasingly restless. It was a simple leg cross first. And then her finger tapping became more frequent. A small shift of her butt in her seat here, a little rubbing of her thighs there. I didn't mind any of it all that much; after all, there was nothing much to do in here while we waited, and most of anyone, let alone a woman as hot-blooded as Miss Keller, would naturally feel impatient.

After a few more minutes of the same shifting and shuffling around, Miss Keller stood up from her seat and started pacing up and down the room, with her arms still crossed in front of her. The sound of her heels were like the ticking of a clock in the silence of the empty storage room, almost hypnotizing.

I don't usually like small talk, but this time, I felt like breaking the silence, in an attempt to pass the time a little.

“Everyone sure is taking too long to notice we are still gone, aren't they..?“ I tried easing the tension in the air with a hearty smile.

“Yeah...“ Miss Keller answered without turning around.

“Well, you did technically tell them to not leave for anywhere until you have returned; but still, maybe someone should have checked by now.“

"Yes, they really should have..." she answered through her teeth as she stopped her pacing. She leaned back against the wall and stood with her legs and arms crossed. "Ocean, could you check if your phone has signal again..?"

"Still no luck, I'm afraid..."

At that point, the shift on her voice and expression from restless to downright anxious had caught my attention. Could she be cold? Maybe she was claustrophobic?

Or maybe she had to use the bathroom?

You know... that actually sounded rather plausible. Come to think of it, I had never seen Miss Keller without a coffee cup in her hand, and today was no exception. Hey, didn't she even have a large empty cup in her hand right before we were locked in here?

Anyway, we spent the next ten or fifteen minutes chatting about random stuff, but I could tell she was getting increasingly distracted because of what I presumed to be a rapidly filling bladder, and I was getting distracted from watching her silent struggle with great interest.

I could have just let her be until someone eventually found us, but part of me just couldn't help it. I wanted to both confirm my suspicion and to have a grown woman admit to her need in front of me. I know. I'm ashamed of it too.

"Umm, are you alright, Miss?" I asked her with my most innocent expression. "You seem a little restless..."

"Well duh," She turned to me in disappointment, but I could have sworn I saw an ever so subtle hint of embarrassment in her eyes. "We've been stuck here for almost half an hour; that's precious time we could have spent rehearsing."

"Right..."

Something told me that wasn't the real reason, and her body language confirmed it even more as she stopped pacing to take a seat and double-cross her legs even tighter than before. But this time, she was also lightly tapping her feet. Every time she shifted her position, I could see her looking at me discreetly to make sure I wouldn't notice.

But of course I did.

Time kept passing with still no help in sight; with Miss Keller's restlessness and nervous sighs becoming more frequent with each second. Despite her best efforts to hide her predicament, the signs had now become a lot more obvious; with her body leaning forward every now and then, and rocking back and forth in the chair when it wasn't. I secretly wondered if it would ever get so bad that she would have no choice but to openly admit to her need; but other than that, I had no intention of making it harder than it already was for her; so I decided to check my phone signal again—still no luck.

"I still can't get a signal..." I sighed in slightly faked disappointment. Miss Keller somewhat panicked as she saw me directly looking at her, and did her best to regain her composure and stop her fidgeting. She did so somewhat successfully, yet she was now sitting very tensely and her legs were trembling form being clenched so tightly. She gave a slight nod and averted her gaze, secretly hoping I would look anywhere else but her. As I pretended to turn my attention elsewhere, I saw her immediately continue to fidget around with increased intensity to regain the control lost from having to sit still for a bit.

I turned my back on her to give her some breathing room, walked over to the door and banged on it.

"Helloooo..." I yelled through the keyhole. "Is anybody there..?"

Miss Keller leaned forward towards the door and looked at me while she held still in expectation; hoping some passerby would notice and come down to check, a janitor or a wandering student perhaps. But there was no answer. I faintly heard her mumble "Fuck..." under her breath, before continuing to fidget and rock back and forth.

"Miss Keller, are you sure you're alright..?" I asked her once again. I was expecting her to go back to her tense-but-still pose once again; but this time, she did not—or could not— stop wiggling her butt and rubbing her thighs. It must have been getting real difficult if her urge was at the point where she couldn't stop squirming in front of one of her students as a teacher. It was starting to get rather exciting. "Do you need anything..?"

"No, Ocean; I'm alright, thanks..." She tried reassuring me. "Though I would really prefer if we could get out of here soon; we've got plenty of work to do..."

Yeah right, work is definitely the reason you want to get out.

"Yeah," I nodded. "Are you cold? There should be a few jackets over there from the basketball team; I could find one for you if you'd like," I suggested as I pretended I was only now noticing her squirming, and not from the beginning.

"I'm fine," She denied her increasingly obvious predicament at first.

"Are you sure?" I don't know what came over me, but I kept looking at her as if I was expecting an explanation. I prepared myself for a scolding.

"I said I'm fine, Ocean." She answered with a firm tone, but I could see her debate for a few seconds whether to come clean or not. "I suppose I could use a trip to the ladies' room, but it's alright."

"Oh, umm..." I tried my best to hide my excitement upon hearing those words as Miss Keller blushed visibly in embarrassment. "Somebody will notice we're gone sooner or later, right? I'm sure they won't be long," I added with a comforting smile.

"I certainly hope so..." Miss Keller answered with a nervous smile of her own. I wasn't sure if I should have struck up a conversation to pass the time, or leave her be so she could focus on her efforts of holding. I decided to go with the latter and kept myself busy on my phone instead. Minutes passed as silence filled the room; occasionally broken by Miss Keller's constant shuffling around, fidgeting and nervous sighs.

Twenty minutes later and still with no help in sight, I was starting to get bored myself. My phone didn't have much battery left; so I had to put it away and only check it every few minutes to see if I could get a signal. That left me with only one source of entertainment; watching my literature teacher fight a valiant battle against the inevitable call of nature. It looked like she was losing however; as her fidgeting had now turned into an almost constant crossing and uncrossing of her legs, only interrupted by the occasional wiggling of her butt or a shift in her position. Her hands were also tightly pressed onto her lap over her skirt, wishing they could just slide through her skirt and aid her in keeping the gates shut.

"Ocean..." Miss Keller's voice was starting to shake considerably. "Do you still have no service on your phone..?"

"I'm afraid not, Miss..." I answered, which got an audible groan out of her.

"And the door still isn't working..?"

Of course it wasn't working; there had been no changes in our situation since the door closed behind us; she couldn't be expecting the lock to magically fix itself after all. I felt like that question just showed how dire her situation must have been, as she started to realize holding it in until somebody finds us may not have been possible and was now looking for other solutions to relieve herself. I went to try the door again anyway, but the result was the same.

"Still locked..."

She gave a nervous nod, and instead of continuing to sit and squirm, she stood up and began pacing up and down the room once again, albeit much faster this time. A few steps, a pause, leg cross, a few hops from foot to foot, knees rubbing together... Nothing seemed to be working. She and I both knew there was one and only one solution for relief; to empty her bladder before her body chose to do it involuntarily. She must have realized she was running out of options as she started looking around the room.

"Looking for something, Miss?"

"No, not really; just looking for something to pass the time," she answered; but obviously, that was a lie. I knew full well she was looking for something to empty her bladder into, in case things got to that point.

I also instinctively looked around, but all I could see was classic storage equipment, a few chairs, a pile of stage decorations, some basketball equipment...

Wait, basketball! That's it!

"Miss Keller," I chimed in excitement.

"It's really not a good time, Ocean..." Miss Keller replied all the while continuing her pee dance.

"No, I just remembered; today's Tuesday, which means the basketball team will soon be here for training." Her eyes lit up. "And they most certainly would have a key; since all their training equipment's stored here." I gestured around the room.

"Oh thank god..." she sighed in relief. "What time do they begin?"

"Let me check..." I looked at my phone. "They should be starting at around 4:00 p.m., so about half an hour."

"Oh no..." Miss Keller mumbled under her breath as her shoulders dropped. "So just another thirty minutes and I can pe—I mean we can finally get out, right..?"

Nice save Miss Keller, nice save.

"I would say so, yeah."

"Okay..." She whispered to herself with a deep sigh before sitting back down. But instead of crossing her legs or rubbing her thighs together, she took one of her high heels off. She folded her leg underneath her butt, sat directly on top of her heel and kept wriggling and squirming in that position.

Her newfound holding method only seemed to be effective for a little less than fifteen minutes, however, as she suddenly stood up and went back to a much more frantic pee dance. She could not stand still for a second; she kept walking around the room with small but quick steps almost constantly, aside from a few times where she would stop, tightly press her thighs together while bouncing up and down before resuming.

"Ocean... How much time until they arrive?" Miss Keller asked, almost with a begging tone; as if I could do anything to make help come faster.

"Another fifteen minutes, Miss," I replied after checking my phone. "But somebody should come a few minutes earlier to grab the equipment if I'm not mistaken."

You're doing great, Miss Keller; don't give up.

"No, I can't—" Miss Keller lifted up her skirt and tightly squeezed her crotch over her underwear with one hand; while frantically rummaging through the stuff in the storage room to presumably find something to relieve herself in.

"Miss, don't tell me you're—"

I froze in shock as she pulled out a large empty water bottle and opened it up while continuing her frantic pee dance. I could see she had mere seconds left; as she was too desperate to even mind the embarrassment of being watched by one of her students. She gave me a quick look.

"Ocean, don't look—"

I turned my back on her to give her some much needed privacy, but I saw her pull down her pantyhose and underwear with one hand, while having the other firmly glued to her peehole in the corner of my eye. Not even a second later, I heard a loud hiss followed by the sound of her impressive stream hitting the bottle. I swear if I wasn't there to see it myself, I could have sworn somebody had left a garden hose on somewhere.

She must have peed for at least a good minute or so, before I heard the stream slowly die down into a trickle, and eventually stop as I heard Miss Keller give a deep sigh of relief. Honestly, I had no idea what to do or say—it's not every day that you see one of your teachers almost piss themselves only to barely make it to a bottle, after all— so I just stood there and waited for Miss Keller to catch her breath, pull her panties back up and put her skirt down, barely seeing anything out of the corner of my eye.

I'm certain I've never experienced a more awkward moment in my entire life.

"Ocean..." Miss Keller would be the one to break the silence. "If you tell anyone about about this—"

"Don't worry Miss," I assured her. "If anyone asks, we just rehearsed some lines to pass the time; nothing else happened."

"Thank you..."

"Though you might want to... *ahem*... hide the evidence." I pointed at the bottle filled with Miss Keller's crystal clear urine.

"Right..." Miss Keller averted her gaze as her cheeks flushed. She took the bottle almost filled to the brim, and put it in her purse.

A few minutes later, I've heard the faint echoes of someone walking down the stairs towards the storage room. I stood up in excitement and walked to the door.

"Hello..." I yelled as I gestured Miss Keller towards the door. She also stood up. "...is someone there..?"

I heard the footsteps get quicker, followed shortly after by the sound of keys jingling and a second later, the door opened. We were greeted by a disappointed Mrs. Monroe.

"You closed the door behind you, didn't you?" Mrs. Monroe asked with her arms crossed, with a textbook expression of 'I told you so' written all over her face.

"Yeah," I replied. "Sorry..."

"Don't apologize to me; I wasn't the one getting stuck down here," She looked at Miss Keller staring at the ground behind me. "You alright, Diane?"

"Yeah, I'm fine." Miss Keller went back to her usual uncaring demeanor; as if she wasn't the one who almost completely embarrassed herself mere minutes ago. It was quite impressive. "I'd like to get out of here, though; I've got students waiting for me."

"Alright then. Sorry for the door still, I suppose. I'll see you around." Mrs. Monroe walked past us and started grabbing the training equipment.

Me and Miss Keller walked up the stairs and finally got outside, with the evening sunlight hitting our eyes. Miss Keller turned to me as we walked.

"Ocean, could you please tell the other students they can go home for today?" She seemed tired; rather understandably. "We'll continue the rehearsals tomorrow."

"Of course," I replied.

"And umm..."

"Don't worry, Miss," I gave her a warm smile. "I won't tell anybody."

"Thanks, I'll see you tomorrow." She returned my smile and headed for the parking lot.

I walked towards the school building, with my hands in my pockets and a stupid unexplainable smirk on my face.

Of course I wouldn't tell anyone. That precious memory would be mine, and mine alone, to enjoy for the rest of my life.

THE END

*003*2023-02-18 08:29

{{3 hours ago, wether said:

Very good story! I can't stop thinking how much capacity the bottle had.

}}

Thank you! I'll leave that part to the reader's imagination 😜

*005*2023-02-18 20:16

{{1 hour ago, pguy69 said:

Great story! Really enjoyed it, I can't wait to read what you have in store next!

}}

Thank you!

*005*2023-02-18 20:16

{{ 

1 hour ago, pguy69 said:

Great story! Really enjoyed it, I can't wait to read what you have in store next!

}}

Thank you!

*007*2023-03-02 18:40

{{ 

55 minutes ago, AkenoSama said:

Great story, sure a part 2 with another situation should be really excting hahahahaha maybe by a fluke of fate they meet on a bus or subway/train on their way back home or to school and there is a traffic jam or interruption on the subway/train line and she ends up desperate again. It really seems a bit challenging to me to try to find a scenario where Miss Keller is desperate with no bathrooms to use in Ocean's company, but along with the events that happened in this story it would certainly be a beautiful thing to have a part 2 happening.

}}

Thank you so much! I generally try to keep the whole Ocean storyline as realistic as possible, so I'm not sure if Miss Keller would find herself in a similar situation with Ocean so soon again (I think this one taught her a very valuable lesson after all haha), but you never know 😉

*009*2023-03-03 05:52

{{ 

8 hours ago, AkenoSama said:

I understand, I also like to keep things a little "down to earth" and not fantasize too much about most things, but as a friend of mine always said "shits happens" bad luck is there for everyone hahahahahaha maybe a cup of coffee before an unavoidable huge delay, or a cup of tea made for a new diet, or a hot summer day, many things can happen.

}}

I don't want to spoil it too much, but we might possibly hear about Mrs. Monroe being in a similar situation with Ocean in the future, stay tuned haha

*012*2023-03-03 10:36

{{ 

4 hours ago, Xx4evRockerxX said:

Hmmm. Great story first off.

@@just something I noticed - I believe her purse was left upstairs with her phone, but then she hides her “evidence” in her purse… maybe just an oversight, maybe I’m just reading it wrong.

Either way - well done

}}

Thank you! You're right, it's a small continuity error on my part, thanks for pointing it out

{{ 

4 hours ago, warham1995 said:

@@at least ocean will learn about irony after being stuck in the same situation with two different teachers, not that he would mind at all

}}

I'm sure he would enjoy that very much

*016*2023-04-03 16:59

{{ 

On 4/1/2023 at 5:08 PM, Raziel said:

This was a good story. Desperate mature women trying not to embarrass themselves in front of younger people is one of my favorite troupes. I look forward to seeing where this storyline goes with Mrs Monroe, and maybe part three could have Mrs Keller and Mrs Monroe finding themselves in this situation at the same time?

}}

Thank you! Chapter two will most probably include only Mrs Monroe finding herself in a similar situation, but Miss Keller may make a return somewhere along the way, who knows :P

{{ 

On 4/2/2023 at 3:40 PM, peepantsrunner said:

I really liked the way you described her desperation. I think it would've been hot if she had either leaked before getting to the bottle, or even better, been interrupted mid-stream by Mrs. Monroe coming back and dribbled in her panties a little as she tried to stop peeing and hide the bottle as quickly as possible. I'm not complaining about it the way you wrote it, though; it was still a good read.

}}

Thank you! I've always been a bigger fan of sudden loss of complete control rather than slow dribbles and leaks, but I'll consider it.

{{ 

2 hours ago, Jt1747 said:

First of all this story was awesome. Thank you very much for posting it.

To the conversation about part two I wanted to add, that I can understand your take that Miss Keller would be more cautious because of this event, but I really like the saying from AkenoSamas friend "shit happens". Also I really like the setting with the traffic jam and I can imagine the scenario that Ocean and Miss Keller heading to the same school trip. Where Ocean oversleeps and Miss Keller have a appointment which causes both them to miss the bus and Miss Keller decides to give Ocean a ride to the schools trip destination and on the way there their get stuck in a traffic jam. That would be a case where it is not important how careful you are if you get stuck, you get stuck.

Yet another thing I want to add I really looking forward to part 2 and I am excited how Mrs. Monroe handles a situation like this.

Lastly I want to ask V.A.I if you could write a Story similar to "Aunt Linda's Bladder Chapter 2" (here the Link to the Story: https://www.deviantart.com/thatcoolguy11/art/Aunt-Linda-s-Bladder-Chapter-2-428809634

) or if you can imagine yourself writing something like this or to put this sort of situation in Ocean's Story, because I like this Story so much and think you are a great author also I would really like some more Storys about Barhroom Controle like in Aunt Linda's case.

}}

Thank you so much! I normally try to try a different scenario for each of my stories, and I've already got one with a traffic jam that I'm content with for now (check out my profile if you'd like to give that one a read too), though I also happen to really enjoy such scenarios, so idk, I'll consider it.

Bathroom control scenarios are kinda meh IMO, I believe it takes away the realism than I really like out of the story (for example, imagine if Ocean had asked Miss Keller if she could let him control her bladder; no way that's ever happening haha), but I might do something like that in the future if I feel like it. For now, people seem to want to see Mrs. Monroe (and so do I haha), so I guess she'll be the star of the show in the next chapter. Stay tuned 😛

*017*2023-08-07 18:44

Hey everyone, sorry for the wait! After a long time, here's chapter two. This time, we join Ocean as he and one of his teachers experience a rather umm... interesting bus ride. Enjoy!

#

Hi, my name's Ocean. You may know me from the story of that time where I got trapped in the storage room at school with my literature teacher, Miss Keller, where she had to use the ladies' room rather badly and ultimately had to resort to relieving herself in a bottle, just before getting rescued by the P.E. teacher, Mrs. Monroe. Let me fill in on what happened after.

Trust me, you'll want to hear it.

After that day, things had gone back to normal rather soon with Miss Keller, and with school in general. Although things were sometimes somewhat awkward between me and her, the theater club was still fun. We had performed the play we were preparing for rigorously for the past few months with great success, and we had decided to take a few weeks of break from rehearsing anything new. That gave me some much needed free time to focus on other club activities that I also happened to enjoy; such as the outdoors club.

Our outdoors club mostly handled, well, outdoor physical activities, ranging from small hikes in a park to all day long trekking events, and even some orienteering here and there. The headteacher of the club was none other than our PE teacher and me and Miss Keller's (un)timely savior: Mrs. Monroe.

Mrs. Monroe has a personality I've always found fascinating. Normally, she's one of the nicest teachers in the school, especially against new students. She doesn't even force anyone to participate in her PE classes; she understands that not everyone has to enjoy physical activities, and just teaches whoever's willing to learn instead. That generally makes her quite likeable among most students, but in contrast, she happens to be quite strict with the students who really do share the desire and passion she possesses for sports. She also has this quirk of fretting about small inconveniences too much; she sometimes tends to get too impatient about them, especially when someone or something makes her wait unnecessarily. But other than that, she's mostly a fun person to be around and especially play sports with. But anyway, I digress.

With the arrival of the spring season, things in the outdoors club were starting to get quite busy. Our next big plan was an all day long hiking event in a nearby hill about an hour and a half drive from school, just outside the city. Unlike the school's other (shorter) events such as quick walks in the park after school, this one was more thoroughly planned. From transportation by bus to the route we'll be taking, lunch and resting breaks, everything was carefully planned by none other than Mrs. Monroe, making me admire her for the fact that she wasn't only an excellent PE teacher, but a great leader, too. Unlike most usual outdoors club events where everyone could attend, a member or not, this one was a member-exclusive; which meant around twenty students, me included, plus Mrs. Monroe and one of the school's vice principals—also a big exercise enthusiast— that had decided to join us, Miss Riley.

On the Friday before the trip, Mrs. Monroe gathered up all the club members and thoroughly lectured us on the plan, and how she wanted no delays or deviations from it to the best of our abilities. The plan for tomorrow was simple: First, we would meet in front of the school gates at 8:00 a.m. sharp, where one of the school busses would drop us off at the hill and come back to pick us up at around 5:00 p.m. in the evening. Seven thirty's a bit early, but I mean, what could go wrong, right?

Well, me being the idiot gaming addict I am and staying up until late at night because the final boss of Metal Gear Rising: Revengeance was way too fucking annoying' could go wrong.

When I woke up the next morning, rather surprised by the amount of rest I was able to get, I checked the clock on my phone and was subsequently horrified to read 08:37 a.m. on the screen.

Words could not describe how screwed I thought I was. The first and highly anticipated event of the year from the outdoor activities club, and I was going to be late? I was sure Mrs. Monroe was going to kill me; she generally liked me, but in her eyes, this kind of lack of discipline would have been unacceptable. I was already preparing scenarios in my head of getting kicked out of the club for good, when a thought came to my mind. I was sure Mrs. Monroe had my phone number; why hadn't she called me to ask where I was?

Despite being pretty sure a firm scolding would be waiting for me at the other end of the line, I decided to bite the bullet and call her myself.

"Hello?" The moment she answered the phone, a wave of relief came over me. Her voice sounded noticeably groggy. "Oh shi—"

Mrs. Monroe stopped herself from finishing her sentence as she must have subsequently noticed who was calling her, then why I was calling her and the time of the day, back to back in that order. I was sure she must have also accidentally slept in. Oh thank god, I thought; they sure were smiling upon me that day.

"Good morning, Mrs. Monroe, I am so sorry..." I did my best to sound as concerned as possible, "I must have slept through my alarm, and—"

"Ocean," she interrupted me with a concerned voice of her own. I was nothing but an ordinary student, but how could she, a teacher, ever be late to an event she was the leader of? "Pack your things and meet me in front of the school in twenty minutes. The bus will come back and pick us up. Don't ask questions."

"Understood," I replied, having now pretty much confirmed the fact that we were both late and the scheduled bus had left without taking us, presumably with the orders from the vice principal Miss Riley.

I quickly packed my things and headed towards the school. After a fifteen minute walk, I saw Mrs. Monroe waiting in front of the school, pacing up and down nervously with her backpack in her back and a large cup of coffee in her hand.

"Please hurry up, Ocean!" she yelled, gesturing at the door of the empty school bus parked in front of the school gates.

"On my way, Miss," I quickened my steps and greeted her. "I'm sorry again..."

"You're lucky I also happened to have had a long night last night," she replied as she chugged her massive cup of coffee and threw the cup into the trash, before once again gesturing me towards the empty school bus that had come back to take me and her to the hillside. "But don't let it happen again."

"I won't, promise," I gave her a warm smile as we sat down in the bus, for some reason right next to each other, despite the bus being completely empty except for the driver. The bus got on the road shortly after, with Mrs. Monroe sitting on the window side, and me on the corridor side.

@@Shortly after the bus got off, I got bored of the silence and turned my head to look outside through the window, but my eyes instinctively stopped at Mrs. Monroe; specifically her body. Not sure how many people can relate to this, but it always seemed to me that PE teachers ironically were the least fit and/or athletic ones among all the teachers; at least in the schools I've been to. It felt like they would always somehow happened to be either too old or overweight, but Mrs. Monroe was an exception. At her mid-forties, she had a physique that would put almost all her peers to shame. She was average height, her proportions were almost hand-carved; a slim waist, long, athletic legs, a silky smooth, slightly darker skin that has noticeably been well taken care of (courtesy of several bottles of water I saw her down every day, I assume), all complimented by her pretty face that would make you swear she is not a day older than thirty five, and her gorgeous shoulder length dark brown hair made into a ponytail.

On that day, she had on a tight but comfy looking brown leggings that wrapped up around her thin but strong legs, a tight-fitting tank top with the loveliest shade of light purple, and a red zip hoodie with her sleeves up slightly. She wore no makeup (we were going hiking after all), but she really did not need to. Even when dressing up fully for functionality and efficiency, Mrs. Monroe looked absolutely gorgeous.

However, one thing that had caught my attention while getting mesmerized by Mrs. Monroe' s beauty was that her body seemed ever so slightly tense. Her legs were crossed, which did not say much by itself, but they seemed to be crossed a little too tightly to be comfortable. I didn't pay further attention to it however, and instead, put my headphones on and started watching the road through the front window.

About ten or fifteen minutes later, I took my eyes off the road in the hopes of maybe making a conversation with Mrs. Monroe, since it was getting rather boring in the bus with nobody else but me and her.

"Perfect weather for a hike, isn't it?"

Really? Was that the best I could come up with?

"Yeah," Mrs. Monroe replied without looking at me. I had noticed the increasing unease in both her voice and in her posture getting gradually more stiff.

"Hopefully Miss Riley won't be too angry at us..."

"I let her know, they'll wait for us in a nearby café," she turned towards me and did a slight shift in her seat. "We're only forty-five minutes away now, I'll be fin—I mean we'll be fine."

"Oh, good to know..." Did she say "I'll be fine" instead of "we" just now?

Mrs. Monroe gave a deep sigh and averted his gaze towards the window. At that point, it was starting to become clear something was wrong with her; she was certainly acting different. She went back to looking through the window, and I buried my head back on my phone.

Another fifteen minutes later, Mrs. Monroe's phone suddenly rang, getting both of our attention. It was the vice principal.

"Hello... Yes, Miss Riley, we're on the way... I would say around half an hour..." Mrs. Monroe sighed once again after looking out the window. "Yes, we'll be there as soon as possible... Alright, bye..." She hung up.

"What did she say?" I asked softly.

"Nothing, it's just..." Mrs. Monroe averted her gaze. "We need to get there soon..."

Mrs. Monroe's stiffness had started turning into a barely noticeable fidgeting as she replied. It was rather understandable though, since she was going to be at least an hour late to her own organization, one which her vice principal was also attending, therefore I didn't give it much thought. What I had not yet noticed, however, was that there was another reason for her apparent nervousness.

Meanwhile, the bus suddenly started slowing down. We both looked at the road in front of us through the front window to see the first signs of a traffic jam forming. We looked at each other in silence for a few seconds.

"Ah..." I raised my eyebrows. "Looks like Miss Riley will have to wait a little longer..."

I was expecting one of Mrs. Monroe's disappointed and impatient sighs with maybe a roll of eyes on the side, but instead, she bit her lower lip and looked away nervously.

"Oh no..." She mumbled under her breath.

This time, I could have sworn I had caught her pressing her thighs tightly together and lift up her butt ever so slightly from the seat, disguising it as leaning forward to look out the front window.

Wait... does she perhaps..?

Only after this moment did it dawn on me that Mrs. Monroe's apparent nervousness and discomfort might not have been from being late, but from a steadily increasing urge to use the bathroom.

No, there's no way, right?

Well I mean, I did just see her finish up a large cup of coffee just before getting on the bus; and being an active person, I wouldn't be surprised if she had a high daily water intake, too. Combined with the fact that we were unexpectedly late this morning, it was highly probable that she would have had to skip a regularly scheduled bathroom break or two. And now with the traffic jam steadily forming in front of us, there was really no way to tell how long the remaining 30 minute ride would be stretched to. Though I wondered what the odds of an event like this happening twice in a lifetime to a person was, I would also be lying if I said it didn't get me at least slightly excited.

"Mrs. Monroe..." I turned to the distressed woman. "...should we let the others know?"

Mrs. Monroe stood up from her seat. Legs still pressed together and slightly leaning forward, she asked the bus driver.

"Excuse me... How long do you think it'll be until we're there?"

"Hard to tell, ma'am," the driver answered still looking at the road ahead. "There isn't normally this much traffic here at these hours; there must have been an accident or something up ahead."

Mrs. Monroe looked away and sighed before she called the vice principal and explained the situation to her.

"I'm sorry again for being late, Mrs. Monroe..." I felt the need to apologize once again, even though the vice principal did not sound too disappointed over the phone.

"It's not your fault, Ocean; I was late too; I couldn't even—" She stopped herself. Couldn't even use the bathroom before she left? Probably. "Anyway, let's hope this traffic clears up soon..."

Mrs. Monroe crossed her legs stiffly and buried her butt into the seat, while distractedly continuing to look out the car window. I put on my headphones, buried my head in my phone and got lost in some relaxing music, hoping to pass the time a little faster.

After what felt like a shorter amount of time, I opened my eyes to see 30 minutes had passed, but when I checked on the navigation app on my phone, we had barely moved five or six kilometers out of about twenty. I took off one of my headphones and glanced at Mrs. Monroe, who had been awfully quiet during all that time. But by now, her apparent struggle was much more visible; on top of getting her long legs on a tight double cross, she was now slightly rocking back and forth. Her breathing had become shakier and she would exhale deeply every now and then, as if she was in the middle of a light jog. A single bead of sweat had formed on her forehead despite the bus being quite chilly; and was making its way down.

Oh god, her situation must have gotten a lot worse. The effort she was making to clench the muscles that kept her bladder shut and to not squirm more openly was very apparent just by looking at her. She must for sure have been regretting chugging down all that coffee before getting on the bus.

By that point, I started to have a similar debate in my head as the last time with Miss Keller; should I ask her if she was doing okay? Or should I just leave her be? On the one hand, letting me know about her predicament could possibly mean she wouldn't have to struggle so hard to hide it any longer, which could give her some relief, but at the same time, I did not want to cause her further embarrassment by essentially suggesting her to admit. I could not resist at least asking her regardless.

"Hey, Mrs. Monroe, umm..." I asked reluctantly. "You look a bit uncomfortable, is everything alright..?"

Mrs. Monroe seemed to be focused so deeply that it took her a few moments to realize I was talking to her.

"Oh, umm... Yeah Ocean, I'm alright..." She wasn't. "I just don't like traffic jams at all..." she replied, followed by another deep exhale as she shifted in her seat and tried her best to stop her rocking. She was sort of successful, though within a glance, you could still see her legs shaking from all that effort. An obvious expression of distress was also written all over her beautiful face.

"Ah..." I was still pretending not to notice anything. "Well, I guess we'll get to have a nice long hike at the end of the ride to relax and unwind a little..."

"Yeah, I guess so..."

My half hearted effort to try and comfort her did not seem to have the desired effect however; I could have sworn I even heard a slight moan escape her lips as she nodded and turned back towards the window, continuing to shuffle around all the while. I tried going back on my phone to pass the time once again, but my mind could hardly pay attention to anything but my growingly desperate gym teacher sitting right next to me. I kept glancing at her on my side view every thirty seconds or so.

Another fifteen minutes had passed, and I could easily tell the situation was getting a lot more urgent by now. Mrs. Monroe's attempts at hiding how full her bladder was were now even more futile; as her slight movements had grown bigger, and had to now turn into full blown squirming in her seat. She was occasionally glancing at me to see if I had noticed anything; I was still pretending not to notice, but her movements were too much not to. A full grown adult was acting almost like a little girl having to go potty on a long car ride; and only her pride as a teacher stood in between openly telling a student and a random bus driver how badly she needed to actually go.

Mrs. Monroe once again leaned over towards the driver and asked.

"Umm..." Her voice was still visibly shaking. "How much longer do we have left..?"

"I don't know ma'am, we're close but you see the traffic..."

Mrs. Monroe silently moaned in disappointment once again. I opened the navigation app once again on my phone.

"Umm..." I tried getting her attention. "The app says we have a little less than thirty minutes left..."

"Is there any way we could go a little faster..?" Mrs. Monroe asked the driver hopelessly.

"Well, I could try, but—"

"Is there a umm... a gas station somewhere on the way?" She asked while looking ahead out the front window. "I... I need to pick up a few stuff before we get there..."

"I'll look out for one, ma'am," the bus driver replied.

Oh boy. Was she really at that point where she though she couldn't hold it until the end of the ride? Even if there was a gas station between here and our destination, with the inching traffic, she would surely have to wait at least a little longer; and her body language was starting to suggest me there was a risk of her not being successful at it.

"What else do we need from the gas station, Miss?" I couldn't stop myself from asking her this time, though I knew full well we didn't need anything.

Mrs. Monroe debated for a few seconds, before telling me to go with her to the very back of the bus. I obliged with a slight confusion as I made way for her to pass and watched as she walked with slow and careful steps, hunched forward to the point of almost doubling down, thighs pressed together even tighter, stopping every few seconds to make sure she would not suddenly lose control—which has been made a lot more difficult considering the fullness of her bladder combined with the sudden movements of the bus. She successfully made her way there, though, and quickly took a seat in the back, with both her hands tightly pressed on her inner thighs, with her hips swaying from side to side on the seat. I went and sat next to her, trying not to stare at her too openly on the way there.

I opened my mouth to say something, but she went before me.

"Ocean, I actually... really need to... use the... the bathroom..." Her voice diminished towards the end, as her cheeks blushed from a combination of the effort she was putting and the sheer embarrassment of having to admit to her need to her student.

Okay Ocean, you know the drill from last time; act like you didn't notice, and do your best to comfort her. Do NOT cross any lines.

"Oh... Umm... Is it... is it bad..?" My voice also embarrassedly dwindled towards the end. "Are you going to be fine for thirty more minutes..?"

Mrs. Monroe averted her gaze and answered with the same quiet voice.

"I-I don't think I can wait that long —aah..."

Mrs. Monroe suddenly looked down her crotch as both her hands instinctively darted in between her legs, and tightly grabbed her lady parts to aid her exhausted sphincter muscles, all the while continuing to squirm in her seat. She must have been wanting to do that for a long, long time.

A mix of different emotions and thoughts went through my mind in the span of a few seconds. I tried to suppress the excited part of my brain to make room for possible solutions to relieve her of her situation, but in the deadlocked traffic, not only pulling over was simply not an option, but even if we did, she would end up in the middle of all the cars with no bathroom in sight.

"Just wait for a little longer Miss, there should be a gas station a few kilometers ahead according to the app," I replied.

"I guess I have no other choice..." Mrs. Monroe hesitated for a few seconds, before reluctantly agreeing and continuing her efforts in holding.

@@Another twenty minutes had passed, and I looked through the window to see the traffic finally starting to loosen up. But by now, Mrs. Monroe's desperation had raised to unimaginable levels. Her already enormous efforts had now doubled, and she genuinely looked on the verge of having an accident. Keeping still was no longer an option, neither was removing her hands from her crotch. She was sitting in the middle seat on the back of the bus, and would alternate between sitting down vigorously crossing and uncrossing her legs while rocking back and forth, and standing up and squirming around as much as the corridor of the empty bus allowed her to. She wasn't able to find one comfortable position to keep holding in; that simply didn't exist anymore. As much as I tried looking away from her to give her some much needed privacy, I couldn't help but glancing every now and then to see how she was doing; and from what I could tell, she didn't have more than a few minutes at most. Her determination was honestly admirable, but a few seconds later, she finally gave in.

"Ocean..." Her voice was utterly desperate. "We need to stop somewhere..."

"Just hang on a few more minutes, we're almost—"

"Please, I need to... I can't..."

Oh crap. She was seriously on the verge of crying. Until now, I was always thinking she could just hold on for a little longer, but it was clear she no longer had that luxury.

"Just thirty more seconds, Mrs. Monroe, I'll tell him to stop right away."

"Ocean, hurry, PLEASE..." she begged as she vigorously tapped her feet and wiggled her butt on the seat in her last ditch efforts. I stood up hurriedly and made my way towards to front of the bus.

"Hey umm... The traffic seems to be clearing up, could we maybe stop for a moment? I kinda have to pee..." I asked the driver.

Well, I needed an excuse to stop in the middle of the road and I wasn't going to embarrass my teacher by saying she was on the verge of wetting herself in the back of the bus and couldn't wait one second longer.

"Man, can't you wait a bit longer? There is a gas station just five minutes ahead."

"It's kind of an emergency..." I remarked as I did my best imitation of a pee dance in front of him.

You owe me for this, Mrs. Monroe, I jokingly thought to myself.

"Fine, you see that gas station sign down the road five hundred meters away? I'll stop there, but be quick," he replied with a sigh.

"Thank you..."

I quickly made my way back to the back of the bus to give Mrs. Monroe the good news that she would be able to pee in just a minute, but as I turned around and took a few steps, I got greeted by an unbelievable sight.

The desperate woman was standing in front of the back door almost doubled over, with legs pressing together so tightly I could see them shaking. She did not even seem capable of listening to what I came to say, and coincidentally, before I could say anything to her, her dam completely burst. Mrs. Monroe's poor tired muscles completely gave in to the immense pressure of the pee trying to bust out of her bladder, and simply could not stay shut one second longer, no matter how strongly they were ordered by their owner to not give in. With a powerful hissing sound loud enough to be heard through the sounds of the traffic, Mrs. Monroe's crystal clear urine started pouring down from in between her fingers, through her underwear and leggings, down her legs and onto the floor like a waterfall, as I could do nothing but stand there and watch.

After what felt like an eternity, the stream of pee finally stopped. Mrs. Monroe had her hands on her knees in a half-crouched position, breathing heavily from the sheer exhaustion of holding that much pee in, and the enormous relief of finally letting it all out.

She was presumably too ashamed to look directly at me, and thank god for that, because I also just could not look away. Somehow, even though it was a natural result of holding it for too long, I had never thought it would actually end this way. Too caught up in the moment, I just kept staring at her in her state of relief and embarrassment.

She was also too caught up in relief to move anywhere, but I suddenly woke up from my pseudo-trance to the puddle of Mrs. Monroe's pee making her way down the bus and connecting with my shoes. I quickly ran to my backpack in front of the bus and came back with a towel, threw it on the floor and soaked as much pee as I could in it. As I finished, I saw Mrs. Monroe sitting in the back of the bus in the corner with her head down. I went and sat down next to her.

"Ocean, I'm so sorry... I just couldn't—"

"No need to apologize Miss, it's a natural bodily function after all..." I replied with a reassuring voice. "You would know about the human body better than me, you are a PE teacher after all, right..?" I added with the warmest of smiles. Okay, I seriously did need a comprehensive lesson on how to comfort people, I thought to myself.

"I suppose it is..." Mrs. Monroe added, smiling back, but still averting her gaze.

"Do you have umm... any spare clothes..?" I asked trying not to drive my attention to her completely soaked leggings. "I told the driver to stop at the next gas station, you could umm... you could change there."

Oh god...How many students in their lives could say they had a conversation like that with a teacher? That thought caused me to slightly blush as well.

"I'll do that, yeah..."

"Oh, and umm... for whatever it's worth, I told the driver it was me who needed to pee, so no worries there..." I added with a very nervous laugh, in another one of my cringey attempts of lightening the mood. To my surprise, Mrs. Monroe also laughed.

"Ocean—"

"Don't worry Miss; if anyone asks, it was just a boring bus ride, nothing worth noting happened at all..."

"Thanks Ocean, I really appreciate it."

The bus came to a stop at the gas station. I quickly gave Mrs. Monroe a zip-up hoodie I had in my backpack to tie around her waist to hide the umm... damages, and she made her way to the bathroom. She came back changed into a pair of dark green leggings after a minute or two.

The rest of the bus ride was silent. We stopped at our destination, and met up with the rest of the club and the Vice Principal. Mrs. Monroe and I told everyone all about the heavy traffic (obviously skipping the part where... ahem... you know...), and after a few rounds of apologies, we got up and started the ever anticipated hike, with Mrs. Monroe in the front, and me silently at the very back, with the same stupid smirk in my face as the end of that one time with Miss Keller, still both shocked that anything remotely similar could happen a second time, and wondering about what else could possibly be awaiting me in the future...

THE END

*019*2023-08-08 08:52

{{12 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Such a shame that Mrs. Monroe didn't make it, also i wonder what other semi-accidental desperation sightings ocean will get himself into, will the vice principal be the next victim during the outdoor class and will more teachers or perhaps the principal become victims of ocean's wandering eyes once ocean gets back from the outdoor class, and what about his or a friends family members ? do you also write male desperation or not?

}}

Thanks for the comments! Originally I had planned to sort of "tease" the main character of the next chapter within the current one, similiar to Mrs. Monroe in the first chapter (hence why I included the vice principal on the second one) but I may not strictly follow that rule; we'll see. I have a few ideas at the moment, ranging from another teacher, a student or even a student's family members, but I have not decided yet to be honest.

Though I am not mainly into male desperation, I still like it every now and then; but if I do include it, it probably won't be the main event of the story. And even if it does happen, it most likely won't be Ocean himself who is desperate, I can tell that much. Stay tuned!

*021*2023-08-09 08:59

{{23 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Thank you for answering my questions and I hope that you have more time to write more, sorry to sound impatient after you wrote a good part of the story 14 hours ago. also would it be out of your comfort zone to have someone like a curious or shy classmate and a flirty female character realize ocean's secret and purposefully hold their pee to test him to see if he has bad intentions and or trying to seduce him because of a secret crush that one or both of them have on him while being cold to other boys that try to ask them out, but feel comfortable hanging out with ocean after he saves the both of them from peeing their pants and warning them when their pants are falling off and their panties are showing either on accident or on purpose, and sometimes talking about their bodily functions in front of him because of his calming and friendly personality and his ability to keep secrets even embarrassing ones and realizing that they are getting turned on by people except for the other teenage boys in their school watching them desperate to pee in public, but mostly wanting ocean to watch them try not to pee themselves and try to get to a toilet so that they can take him to women's restrooms after school so that he can watch them pee in it in secret and show him their panties and because they like the risk of people finding out that they brought a boy to the ladies room and trying and failing at not meeting his gaze on them with lusty eyes for some strange reason? if not, then sorry for suggesting it and making the request too long.

}}

No worries! Those are some interesting ideas for sure, some of them I like and some of them I'm not really interested in, but I'll at least consider them. Thanks anyway!

