The Exam

Author: Valandrea

*000*2017-06-28 10:42

Hello everyone ! This is my first one shot story. I finished to write my fic "Someone who cares" yesterday and I decided to write some one shot stories (this way I'm sure to finish them on time !). This one focuses on the bed wetting and pee accident of a 14 years old teenager. He wets himself in front of his examiner. You would have understand it, I love teacher-student stories ! Let me know if you liked this one !

###

Evan Mac Cormac was a 14 year old brilliant student from a small village called The Three Flowers in the beautiful countryside of the Somerset. His teachers, followed by his parents, convinced him to enter the famous Stone Bridge high school in London to get a chance to enter a good university after graduation.

Evan was happy to have a chance to leave his little village. He liked his family and his teachers but he never knew how to make friends at school. Everybody was intimidated by his capacities and intelligence and they didn’t want to get too close to him. Maybe because they were afraid that intelligence could be contagious, bitterly thought Evan. The truth was that Evan was considered as a freak in his village. Every young man around him was destined to be a farmer, like their father. But Evan was not suit for this way of life. His happiness was in his books and his writings, that was all.

Even his entire family, his mum and dad and his six brothers and sisters, looked at him as he was a freak. Of course they were all very proud of his bright brain but they never understood him. They never mocked him neither they tried to stop him from studying but they somewhat always avoided his presence. Therefore, when Mrs. Jones offered him to take an entrance examination at the Bridge Stone school in London, everybody felt relieved. He wouldn’t be in their way of life and they would stop looking at him as if he came from another planet.

The day before the exam went like ever other day of the week : they all ate soup at the diner table and he went reading beside the fire place before going to bed while his mother was doing the dishes, his dad was saying good night to his cows and his brothers and sisters were playing some game. He was not unhappy at all, he was used to this repartition of roles. But for a second he hoped his parents would say something special on this special night.

He yelled an overall goodnight before climbing the stairs to his room. He was lucky, he had a room of his own. His brothers and sisters were sharing three rooms to let him have his quiet space. He knew he was lucky, somehow.

He went to bed feeling stressed about the day after. He looked at his books one last time and turned the light off early to have a good night sleep. Unfortunately, he was agitated all night. He had no idea what the school looked like. Or even London. What if he got lost and couldn’t pass the exam ? What if he took the wrong train and ended up in Scotland ? What if his alarm clock stopped working during the night and he didn’t wake up in time tomorrow morning ?

On these haunting ‘what if’ he finally fell asleep. His night was filled with nightmares and he woke up the next morning feeling dizzy and sweaty. Or at least he thought it was sweat. He took a worried look at his sheets and realized he had wet the bed. His t-shirt and pants were soaked.

How had pee himself… He had an accident ? How could he have wet the bed like a baby ? He was 14 years old for god sake ! Evan was panicking. The large puddle of pee in his bed was showing him that he was not an adult yet. He somehow wished that someone would come and reassure him as he felt some tears forming in his eyes. He had an accident and he was all alone.

He panicked for a second that people would mock him if they saw what happened, but he remembered that he was alone in his room and that nobody would have the idea to come to wake up this morning. Maybe it was finally a good thing that his family didn’t really care about him.

He got up quickly and got off his wet pyjamas and took off the wet sheets from his bed. He took his dirty laundry with him under the shower and washed them as he cleaned himself. After putting on his best clothes – a pair of beige pants, a white shirt and a dark blue cardigan sweater – he got out of the bathroom. He spread his laundry on his cupboard and on his window so it would be dry when he would be back from London at the end of the day.

He tried to forget his shameful accident and to think only about the exam coming up.

He got out of the room and found a plate of bread and jam on the table. His mother must have prepared his breakfast before going to bed the night before. She remembered, finally. Evan ate only one slice of bread, he was not hungry. On the other hand, he drunk two glasses of orange juice to wake him up.

He gave himself his final look before going to the train station : his blue eyes looked a bit tired and his face’s fine lines underlined his vulnerable look. He noticed that he should have cut his curly brown hair and tried to make some order in it with his fingers. Hopefully he would wake up in the train and his face would loose this childish look, he thought. He thought that his pee accident was marked all on his face. He looked like an ashamed kid.

He silently closed the door behind him and walked toward the train station. It was a thirty minutes walk through the countryside. Evan liked this road in the early morning; the sun was getting up but everything around him seemed to be still asleep.

There was only one platform and one train waiting in the small train station. Evan entered in the train and took a seat by the window. He checked one last time that he got his London maps with the direction’s instructions given by Mrs Jones. After a few minutes, the train started. The trip was one hour and a half long and during all this time he couldn’t stop thinking about what happened last night. He was completely disoriented by his pee accident. He had never been a normal child: he grew up quickly and became independent very young.

He stopped peeing himself (day and night) at the age of 2 years old and had never experienced this kind of accident before. Therefore he couldn’t stop wondering how it could have happened just before his examination. He was so used to grow up and to be more and more independent that he couldn’t bare this experience of regression. He could feel some tears coming up in his eyes at this thoughts and tried to stop thinking about it. He couldn’t behave like a child.

He took one of his book and forced himself to read and tried to focus on his examination.

When he arrived in King’s Cross station, he couldn’t believe the mess around him. Masses of people hurrying, screaming, laughing. He suddenly felt his head spin. He was not used to that kind of traffic and he had the feeling that the crowd was going to crush him as soon as he would get out of the train. Ignoring his heart beating faster and faster, Evan got out of the train and tried to find the train station exit. He couldn’t let himself intimidated, he had to be at his exam on time. He finally found the stairs leading to the streets. He pressed his bag against him and almost run to escape the wave of people surrounding him.

When he finally got out of the station, he breathed heavily. He had to calm down before facing the examiner. He looked at his map and followed the instructions. He didn’t look up from his map, feeling on the urge to have a panic attack. He was surrounded by streets he had never seen and people in London looked so different from the countryside population that it made him feel completely losr. He thought that he would have love to have an adult which, for once, would have led him to his destination. But his father and mother would have reacted the same way as he did right now. The Three Flowers was a lovely village but it was far more different than London. He tried to vanished these childish thoughts and remembered that he was almost an adult in his family; he had to act like it.

After what seemed an eternity to Evan, he finally arrived to the school. He faced the building with complete admiration. The school took place in an old Victorian manor. The teen could noticed so many details on the walls. It sure felt very different from his home school.

He was finally pulled out from his fascination by a man who looked very strict. He must have been around 35 or 40 years. His dark hair seemed long for a man – under the ears -, it was cut very strictly and it made his green eyes darker than they originally were. He was dressed in dark colours and had a dark brown satchel. He seemed very tall to Evan, who was quite small for his age, and the man thin body underlined that impression of height.

“Are you Mr. Evan Mc Cormac ?” the man asked politely.

“Yes, sir. I come for the entrance examination.” Evan responded, feeling a pinch in his bladder due to his growing stress.

“I am Pr. Guilbert. I will be your examiner today and I will also supervise your preparation. Please, follow me.” added the teacher strictly.

Evan followed the man through the corridors, feeling his stress getting higher and higher. This teacher didn’t look nice at all and the teen was suddenly sure to fail. It was easy to feel important in a small village where education was not the priority, but in a school like this one, Evan felt like he was nothing.

Finally, Pr. Guilbert opened a door and let Evan entered first. In the room was only one huge desk at the front and a ridiculously small one in the middle. As he entered he could feel his palm getting sweaty and his bladder pinching furiously.

“Take your seat, Evan.” invited the teacher by pointing the small desk. “I will explain to you the examination’s instructions”. He gave the boy a bunch of blank paper and a pen. “You won’t have access to your bag during the exam, please give it to me”. He ordered strictly.

As he took the boy’s bag, he could see his multiple London maps and couldn’t prevent a smile, which he hid from the student.

“You have to listen very carefully the instructions because I won’t repeat them. The examination is separated in two parts: one is dedicated to writing, the other one is an oral discussion. You have one hour and thirty minutes to prepare the first one and thirty minutes for the interview. Is that clear ?” the man asked.

“Yes, professor.” replied Evan.

“For the writing part, you will have to submit an organized essay responding to the following question : Is there a better place to learn than school ? Beware, in this essay we don’t want you to defend what you think your examiner wants to read but what you really think about the subject. Is that clear ?” he asked.

“Y… Yes, sir.” answered Evan, stressed by the man’s strict tone.

“Concerning the second part of the exam, I will ask you questions and examine your capacity to formulate a clear and pertinent response as well as your capacity to extend the question. Now, do you have any question ?” he finally asked.

“Yes… Is it allowed to get out of the room for a break ?” Evan asked worried about his more and more frequent pinches in his bladder.

“Mr. Mc Cormac, no you can’t go out of the room for a break.” said the teacher, insisting with irony on the last term. “I sincerely hope that two and a half hours of work will not be too much to endure.” he finally added, sincerely ironic now.

“No. That’s not what I meant, sir...” tried Evan, but the teacher had already turn back.

As Mr. Guilbert sat behind the huge desk, he looked at his watch. After a few seconds he said, “You may begin”.

Evan decided not to think, even for a second, about his bladder. He started to write frantically on his paper to figure out a structure for his essay. After half an hour he had found all the essay’s structure and arguments and all he had to do was to develop them.

When he switched papers to write his development, he realized that he was constantly moving his legs. He hadn’t realized until now that his legs were testifying his need to pee. Even if his mind had been able to switch of the pee signal, his body was still focused on his bladder.

He decided to ignore it and started to write his essay. But at the end of the introduction, he felt his bladder pinch so hard that he had to stop writing. He crossed his legs, furiously trying to make his bladder stop annoying him. He took his pen back in his hand and wrote his first argument.

When he finished this first argument, he was quite proud of himself. He had great examples about learning in nature. But then he realized that his left hand was intensely grabbing his crotch. Hopefully, the desk was not showing his legs to the teacher. He could feel his bladder crying for relief. But he knew he couldn’t ask for the loo. He had to endure this horrible pain until the end of the exam.

He tightened his hand to his crotch and started his second argument. He managed to finish it without any accident but he had to take a break in his writing to put his second hand on his crotch. He had to pee so bad that he wasn’t sure now that he would get out of the room with his briefs dry.

After a few seconds moving back and forth on his chair, he noticed the teacher’s eyes fixed on him. His raised left eyebrow convinced Evan to get back to his writing. With regret he removed his right hand from his crotch and started writing his final argument. But he had to stop in the middle of it to tighten his penis. He had felt some pee dribbled through his penis. He could feel that his briefs were a bit wet in the front. He tried to stop the pee but he could still feel some drops coming out. After what seemed an eternity, his bladder seemed to regain a little bit of control.

He finished his last argument and went on to the conclusion. He focused on that very important part of the essay : he had to convince his reader that his development was coherent. He smiled as he put down his pen, maybe he didn’t completely fail finally.

But, if he didn’t failed his essay, he actually failed his bladder. Before he could realize it, he felt a spurt coming out of his penis. Now his briefs were soaked. He looked down his pants and was relieved that it didn’t show. But he blamed himself for wearing beige… What a stupid idea.

He put back his second hand behind his legs and tried to prevent any spurts of pee for coming down. His bladder was seriously aching and he could feel his hands trembling. He knew he was on the urge to have an accident on his chair, in front of Pr. Guilbert. He suddenly had a great idea: take of his cardigan and tie it around his hips. That way, even if the pee would show a patch, the cardigan would hide it, Evan thought. But as soon as he let go of his crotch to take of his cardigan he felt another spurt coming out and wetting his briefs. He could feel this one was bigger than the first one. When he looked down at his pants he was horrified to notice an evident small patch of pee in the front of his pants. He quickly tied his cardigan and made sure that the leaves would hide the wet spot. He put back his hands between his crotch and prayed for his bladder to be patient.

He could feel his face reddening with shame and effort. He wanted to cry so hard right now, he wanted someone to take him to the loo and tell him it was all right. But he was in a classroom with a dreadful teacher who wouldn’t even notice that he was suffering.

After this moment of despair, he tried to reason himself. He was a 14 years old teenager, he would not pee his pants ! He remembered last night’s accident and suddenly felt like a very little kid. How could he wet his pants again ?

Before he could tell himself more, the teacher called him at his desk.

He knew that getting up of his chair without wetting wouldn’t be easy… Indeed, as soon as he got up he felt a small spurt of pee wetting his briefs. He couldn’t hold his crotch now that he was facing the teacher. Tortured, Evan walked to the front of the room. Every step was a nightmare: he could feel spurts coming out. He could almost hear the hissing sound echoing in the silenced room. He couldn’t looked down to see if his pants were showing, but he could definitely feel the front of them getting wetter and wetter. But the teacher’s face showed nothing.

He sat in front of the man with relief. He handed his paper and immediately put his hands back to his crotch. He glanced at his pants and noticed with fear that there was a large patch of pee on the front. Fortunately, the cardigan seemed to have hid it from the teacher’s gaze.

Evan convinced himself that he would to regain control after he would be sitting, but he was clearly absolutely desperate now. He couldn’t help but fidgeting on his chair. Despite the teacher despising glance at him, he had no choice but to bounce evidently.

The teacher asked a first question. It was not a too complicated one for Evan. But his answer was confused. He couldn’t speak properly in his state. He kept trembling and his mouth was completely dry. Before he could finish his last sentence, he felt a huge spurt wetting his bum.

Oh no ! His bum was getting wet. He could not hide his accident from his examiner anymore. He had to pee so bad…

He bit his lips in pure despair and finished his sentence with pain.

He could see his teacher writing down some remarks on a sheet of paper.

Before the man begin to formulate his second question, Evan felt a succession of spurts coming out, wetting his bum and the beginning of his legs.

“Oh no… No… I’m gonna… I’m… Pee...” he murmured to himself.

He could hear the hissing sound of his pee coming out. He furiously hold his penis to stop the flow. He felt his face reddening and tears filling up his eyes. He wouldn’t be able to hide this awful accident to anyone now. He was peeing in his pants.

“What did you say ?” asked the teacher, clearly worried now as he saw the kid’s blurred eyes.

“I’m… sorry, sir.” said Evan, feeling the warmth of another long spurt.

The boy was now clearly crying, not able to keep his tears from falling down his red cheeks.

“Don’t cry, Evan. You’re doing just fine, you don’t need to worry.” said the man, very softly now.

Mr. Guilbert didn’t know what to do. He didn’t know why the teenager suddenly fell apart. He seemed to have written a good essay and his first answer was good. Was he too harsh on him earlier ?

“Do you want to take a break, Evan ?” he asked gently.

“No… It’s...” Another long spurt stopped him in his sentence. The pee hadn’t hit the floor yet but he could feel he was completely soaked. “Aaah… It’s too late, sir.” continued the boy, in a sob.

“What do you mean it’s too late ? You were doing good so far. What do you need, my boy ?” the man asked, now clearly moved by the boy in front of him.

“I need to pee…” answered Evan, feeling completely mortified.

“Oh. You can go to the bathroom then. We’ll continue our interview after, all right ?” the man said, surprised but relieved by the triviality of the kid’s need.

“I don’t think I can stand up, sir. I can’t hold it...” said the teen. The flow had stopped for now but he knew it would not last.

“All right, boy. It’s all right, I’ll help you.” the man said with a smile.

He got up quickly and went to the boy’s chair. As he gently hold his arm to help the boy stand up, he saw the huge patch of pee on the front of his pants.

“Oh ! You… You already wet your pants, Evan ?” he cried with surprise.

“I’m so sorry, sir… I didn’t want to… I couldn’t hold any longer. I tried, I swear !” the boy screamed between his tears.

“Okay, boy. It’s all right. I didn’t mean to scold you, I’m sure you did your best to hold it.” the man said gently. “Now, let’s try to hold it a little bit more, all right ?” he asked.

Evan nodded.

“I’ll hold you, don’t worry. Keep your hands tightened, my boy.” the man continued.

Mr. Guilbert placed an arm around the boy’s shoulder and put his hand under Evan’s arm to lift him up. The teacher didn’t realize until now that the teen looked so childlike. He was very small for his age and the man could easily lift him up.

They stepped out of the room and took a corridor. They were walking slowly, trying not to hasten the poor boy’s bladder.

“No… Oh I can’t. I can’t hold it, sir. Pee… I’m gonna pee.” said the boy frantically.

Evan froze and tried to squish his penis to hold his pee but it was too late. They both could hear the hissing sound followed by the sound of pee hitting the floor.

“I’m so… I’m so sorry, sir. I didn’t want to. I didn’t want to.” said Evan, panicking. As he talked, the teacher could still see the stream of pee running through the boy’s pants and hear the hissing noise.

He was in shock. He surely didn’t expect that when he woke up this morning. He of course had seen some students’ accidents in the past but not like that. He used to put a firm distance between him and his students. Today, there was no distance at all.

The panicked boy’s eyes brought Mr. Guilbert back to reality. He faced the boy and crouched down to confront Evan’s eyes.

“Darling, look at me. It’s all right. I know you didn’t want to. I’m sure you tried your best. It’s an accident, dear. Do you understand ?” he said, surprised by his own softness.

The boy nodded timidly.

“I’m taking you to the infirmary were you will clean up and change your clothes and then we’ll finish our interview, okay ?” he asked, holding the boy’s arm.

“I have to clean up the mess, sir.” said Evan.

“I will call someone, don’t worry.” he tried to reassure.

Mr. Guilbert took place next to the boy again and guided him through the corridors with a hand on his back. After a quick clean up and change of clothes, they took their place back in the classroom.

Despite his horrible accident, Evan got in the school. He had weekly meetings with his new English teacher Mr. Guilbert every week.

The End

*002*2017-06-28 23:21

Thank you so much Keita123 for your nice review, it makes me so happy ! I'm so glad that you could see yourself in Evan's character.

I hope you found someone to tell your own story of your near accident at your exam and that this person told you 'it would have been okay if you had peed yourself that day'. Thanks again for the nice things you said !

