Manon and the Magic Whistle (Chapter 3 and following Chapters)

Author: vikka

*000*2014-11-16 00:15

Hi everybody!

At last I've finished the third chapter of Manon and the Magic Whistle! And as I hope to continue the story about Manon's adventures chapter by chapter by chapter... (which depends on whether you gals and guys like the saga of the magic whistle), I've decided to follow my dear sis @frostyjr2's example and place all the chapters in one single thread. Except for the first two chapters, which has been posted before in seperate threads.

You can find the first two chapters here:

CHAPTER 1: https://omorashi.org/topic/22203-manon-and-the-magic-whistle/

CHAPTER 2: https://omorashi.org/topic/23262-manon-and-the-magic-whistle-part-2/

And here comes:

CHAPTER 3

Testing the whistle: Is it really Magic? Read, and find out!

The days that followed, Manon was puzzling her head over the two wetting incidents, that had occured right in front of her. The more she thought about it, the more she got convinced, that they somehow had to be related to her blowing in the fetish. It made sense, she thought. Both times the girl began to pee herself right after she'd started to blow. "What are the odds for that to happen by coincidence?" She thought.

Two days after Malin's wetting accident Manon and her aunt was visiting a friend, named Ella, who was living in the country. Ellas' major interest was dogs, and training dogs. She demonstrated to Anouk and Manon how she trained her dogs. When she wanted them to come back to her, she used a gadget, that looked like a whistle, but they couldn't hear any sound, when she blew into it. When Manon asked her about it, Ella explained, that it was a special dog whistle, that emits sound in the ultrasonic range, which people can't hear. While the sound is above the range of human hearing, it's within the range of a dogs'.

Manon caught her breath! What if her fetish was a whistle, which like a dog whistle emits a sound too high for a human ear? A sound, that, even if you couldn't hear it, your body somehow could sense! And sensing the sound waves the body reacted by starting to pee! She got so excited, that she was on the verge to take out the fetish and at once test it on Anouk or Ella. But she calmed down and put down the fetish again. It wouldn't be fair to expose them for the humiliation of wetting themselves. But the thought made her giggle.

When they were back home again, Manon realized, that there were an other problem too. Why was it, that in both occasions only one girl had wetted herself? Why hadn't Manon herself peed? Why hadn't the other woman peed herself? After some cogitation and reliving the two wetting occasions, she recalled, that in both cases she'd been facing the person, who wetted herself, when she blew into the fetish. At least she was pretty sure she had. Maybe by blowing into the fetish, the ultra-sound was transmitted like a beam in the direction, that she was facing?

She knew, that she had to make some tests. And she also had to see, what happened, if she blew into the other end of the fetish. She hoped it wouldn't cause an innocent person to poop in her panties! That would be too gross!

Next day it wasn't any lessons. Manon's school was closed because of teacher-day. She jumped out of her bed early in the morning, eager to get out and test her theories about her fetish. Anouk looked in astonishment at her little niece. Generally Manon wasn't an early bird... She was dressed in a short, pleated, blue skirt, a red short-sleeved blouse, white knee-length stockings and grey Converse Star Player Mid sneakers. In a rush she consumed two big mugs of milk chocolate, three sandwiches with thick salami-sausage slices, ham and cheese. She finished her meal gulping two glasses of orange juice. "I wonder where that little one has the place for all that..." Anouk pondered.

Before Manon left the house she put on a grey cardigan; it was a bit chilly in the mornings. She waved goodbye to her aunt, who waved back, and muttered to herself:

"I hope she remembered to go to the toilet after all she'd consumed."

Manon had decided to go to the big, nearby park to test the fetish, which she now thought of as her Magic Whistle or just The Whistle. She strolled around in the park. She met many women on their way to work, but she got nervous by the thought, that she would actually make somebody to wet herself. On the two previous times she hadn't purposely made the women to pee themselves. She didn't then know the effect of blowing The Whistle. Now she had to be careful not to expose some innocent woman to the humiliation of peeing herself at the sight of other people, she thought.

She went to a part of the park, that wasn't as crowded by people on their way to work. She sat down on a park bench and looked around. It was really a secluded spot of the park. She didn't see any person at all. But she'd got the whole day. As she waited, she got more and more excited. Imagine if she had the power to make people pee themselves! People and people... She was, of course, only interested in making females do it. And so she thought about, if there would be any effect of blowing in the other end of The Whistle as well. And, if so, what that effect would be.

And then she saw a person approaching her. She soon saw, that it was a female. As she was getting nearer, she appeared to be a rather young girl, maybe a couple of years older than Manon. She had a small rucksack and was obviously on her way to school. Manon became a little uncertain, whether she should test The Whistle on her. She thought she shouldn't do it if the girl had been having pants, which obviously could show embarrassing signs of a wetting. But this girl was wearing a short red skirt, and hopefully it wouldn't get wet. By now Manon was so excited and eager to make the test, that the Voice of Conscience, didn't made itself heard.

When the girl was about twenty meters away, Manon squeezed The Whistle and put it to her lips and blew. She blew hard and for several seconds, and the effect was instantaneous! A few opening trickles gave the girl a forewarning, luckily enough for her to hitch up her skirt before a strong stream of pee forced her white panties and hit the ground. The girl, who had stopped only less than a meter from Manon, looked in panic at her. Some pee splashed on Manon's legs, and she felt ecstatic!

Eventually the girl stopped peeing. She mumbled out:

"I... I'm sorry! I didn't feel it coming!"

She was still holding up her skirt. Her panties were glistening from her pee, and some drops were still falling. Manon stood up and picked some kleenex from her bag.

"Please! Don't feel embarrassed! It has happened to me too. No big deal! But I think you should take off your wet panties, and wipe off the pee from your legs and pussy!"

The girl started to pull down her panties but stumbled and fell on to Manon, who grabbed her.

"Let me help you", Manon said.

She took off the soaked panties and gave them a quick sniff. Oh, what a wonderfully arousing scent it was! Then she handed the girl some kleenex.

"Here, wipe your legs! I'll help you!"

The girl bent down and began to mop her legs from her feet and upwards. Manon kneeled down, and began to wipe her thighs. The girl didn't raise objections to the obtrusive treatment. So Manon wiped a bit higher, "accidentally" touching the crotch. Still no objections. But she thought, that it might be too intrusive to go any further. But, of course, she could always ask...

"Do you mind, if I clean your crotch too? You can get a rash..."

The girl mumbled something, wich Manon interpreted as an OK. So, eagerly and with great enthusiasm, she thoroughly attended to the arousing task to clean the other girls pussy! In and out! Excited she witnessed how the pussy lips swollowed under her tender treatment. Fascinated she watched how the clitoris bobbed, when she touched it. It was the first time, that she had touched the pussy of an other girl! And how she loved it!

The girl had begun to pant heavily! She moaned and groaned! And then she came! Her pussy twitched! Her pussy juices bubbled and spilled over, running down her thighs. Her orgasm made Manon to come as well! Both girls gave away muffled screams.

Suddenly the girl stood up. Hastily she pulled down her skirt.

"I'm late for school", she said, and ran away. Manon looked after her, still panting from her orgasm. The girl had left her panties. Manon took them and put them to her nose. She sniffed. The scent of pee mixed with other odeurs from the girl's body was intoxicating!

Manon began to walk home. "I'll test the other end of The Whistle an other day", she thought. "Maybe tomorrow!" She added and giggled.

On her way home she suddenly got desperate to pee. She sneaked in behind a bushery, parted her legs and hitched up her skirt. She put one hand on her panty crotch, and began to rub her pussy, trying to postpone the peeing a while. But in vain! Desperately rubbing she started to wet her panties (which btw. was already pretty wet from her pussy juices)! And almost immediately she got an overwhelming orgasm, while she continued to pee!

When she'd finished peeing, a very happy and satisfied girl resumed her walk home.

###

I hope next chapter won't take as long time as this one!

*001*2014-11-16 00:35

Oops! I've posted this in the wrong forum ! It should be in "Fiction and fanfiction"... I've asked for help to move it, so I hope my mistake will be corrected.

*002*2014-11-17 20:00

As up to now, noone has made a comment (except for me about having put this in the wrong section; which is actually now, thanks to Kirito, corrected). The obvious conclusion must be, that this part of the story sucks even more than the previous chapters. Probably it's an obvious sign of that it's time to stop writing. As every story I've written before this one has been reasonably well received, some stories with more than one positive comment, I guess I've now totally lost the touch, and it's time to spare you from any more rubbish from my pen.

I just noticed, that this post is my 300th on Omorashi.org, What a woeful epitaph over... hmm... nothing worth to remember.

*007*2014-11-22 20:40

Thankyou so very much herrokitty, Ashleycub, Foxlover and eskamo09 :smile:!!! You've made me very happy! And I've got a new appetite to continue this story . I've just started to write the next chapter, sitting in a comfy chair with my laptop in my... wait for it!... lap Cheers!!

*009*2014-12-03 02:46

CHAPTER 4.

In this chapter Manon will test the other end of the Magic Whistle. What will the result be? Well, to find out, you have to read!

###

The following day Manon decided to make further tests of the Magic Whistle after the schoolday. Before going to school she prepared for the task by putting a box of kleenex in her little, pink rucksack. She also brought a couple of extra panties and a bottle of coca cola. The Whistle she put in a jacket pocket.

During the day she got more and more excited. So much that, when she left school, her panties had become really moisty.

Since the day before, she'd been thinking a lot of, which effects it was possible to get from the whistle. So far she'd seen, that blowing it could make a girl pee herself. But, was it possible to vary the effect? At the previous occasions the girls had begun to pee practically immediately, and pretty forcefully. But Manon recalled, that she everytime had blown the Whistle rather hard and for several seconds. What if she blew softer and briefer? And, of course, the big question: What will happen, if she blows in the other end of the Whistle?

She was quite nervous, when she headed for the park, which she'd chosen for her tests. She'd decided to test the other end of the Whistle this time. She strolled about the park, looking for a "trial person". As it was in the afternoon, after school hours, there were many schoolgirls and schoolboys lazing around. But Manon was looking for some girl, who was by herself. She didn't want anyone else to witness the outcome of her test of blowing the other end of the whistle. What did she know; anything might happen!

She kept on walking. She spotted some lonely females here and there, but when she got closer, she detected other people in their vicinity. Finally she spotted a woman sitting on a parkbench, reading a book. Getting closer Manon noticed, that she was a nice-looking woman between 25 and 30 years of age. At the opposite side of the parkway was an other bench, and Manon went up to it. She sat down and looked at the woman, who didn't seem to have noticed her; she was obviously wholly engrossed in her book. She was wearing a short, black skirt, which had ridden pretty high up, and a gray jacket, under which she had a white blouse. Her well-shaped legs were elegantly crossed, and a glimpse of pale skin was showing above her flesh-coloured nylon stockings. "Wow! Very sexy!" Manon thought.

She looked around. Not a soul in sight! Now was the time! She felt butterflies in her stomach, when she picked up the Whistle from her jacket pocket. She put it to her lips, looking at the woman. "Better to make a careful blow at first", she thought. She was so nervous, that a few drops of pee trickled out into her panties. Then she pulled herself together, and blew a short puff in the Whistle.

Her eyes were fixed at the woman. What will happen? Will anything happen at all? After a while she noticed, that the woman started to slightly move her legs. Was it an effect from blowing the Whistle? Or just a coincidence? She was tingling with excitement. The woman was now shifting about more and more restlessly. She rubbed her thighs against each other, making her skirt to ride up a bit more, showing a garter running up on one of her thighs. Manon's face was getting flushed.

A woman and a child approached. When they were only a few meters from them, the child gave a loud cry. The woman started at the sound, and hastily she adjusted her skirt. She continued to read her book, and to the disappointment of Manon she seemed to have calmed down, and the position of her skirt no longer invited to enthralling views.

But nothing daunted, Manon once again put the Whistle to her lips. She wasn't exactly sure about what conclusions were to draw from the first attempt, but it seemed to have some sort of effect. And the reaction had certainly had an effect on Manon; she could feel the dampness on her panties. And she wasn't a bit less aroused now! Which was why she decided to blow much harder and longer this time. And so she did!

And this time the response was not long in coming! Seemingly not aware of the presence of Manon, the woman began to caress her thighs with both hands. As they moved higher and higher, her skirt was pushed up with them. She was moving fast, and obviously she thought, that her skirt was interfering in her way upwards her thighs, so she lifted her behind slightly, and hitched her skirt up to her waist. With her skirt out of her way she began to furiously rub her crotch, pushing her silky, black panties deep into her pussy. Then she realized, that her panties were in the way for an even more intimate pleasure, why she tore them down with one violent movement, and threw them on the ground. Having gotten free and unlimited access to her private parts, she devoted her left hand to take care of her clitty and her right hand to dive into her pussy. The gurgling noise her right hand made, whipping around inside her pussy, made Manon so horny, that she couldn't help starting to caress her mimsy.

Furiously masturbating, both the woman and Manon got earthquaking orgasms almost simultaneously. Luckily for them there were no other persons in sight; they were not exactly whispering. Especially the woman was moaning loudly, arching like a bridge, juices foaming out of her pussy! In that moment she didn't look as elegant anymore... But very sexy!

Eventually their orgasms ebbed out. Suddenly it dawned on the woman, what she'd been doing! She totally panicked. She picked up her panties and pulled them on. Then she tried to pull down her skirt, but she was so upset, that she didn't manage. Struggling with her skirt, she started to walk away in great haste. Exposing her body from her waist and down. Nylon stockings, garterbelt and panties, which were pulled on back to front! Soon she'd vanished out of Manon's sight.

Manon was delighted! The whistle was indeed a success! Of course she had to test it further, but very likely the other end of the Whistle had the power to make a person horny! And it seemed, that it was possible to vary the effect depending on how hard and how long you were blowing.

Very satisfied with her discovery, she peed her panties, before she stood up and began to walk home. It was such a delicious sensation to feel her wet panties clinging around her private parts! She giggled! Tomorrow, tomorrow! Tomorrow she was going to continue her exploration of all the possibilities of the Whistle! Her Magic Whistle!

###

TO BE CONTINUED.

*011*2014-12-03 03:18

I'm so sorry, I was editing it back and forth, and deleting now and then!!! But now I hope you can see it! At least I can...

*016*2015-02-04 12:07

Hi everybody,

I'm so sorry for the delay to post the next chapter about Manon's Magic Whistle! There are causes that lie behind it, but I don't want to go into them. Anyway, the future looks bright and here comes the next chapter!

Manon and the Magic Whistle. Chapter 5.

Now Manon knew what both ends of the Magic whistle could do! What a lot of fun she could have with her marvellous whistle! Her head got filled with all sorts of naughty thoughts.

Next morning she jumped out of her bed and ran to the window. She drew the curtains, and laughed with delight, when she caught sight of a blue heaven and a brightly shining sun. A perfect day for naughty mischiefs, was her first thought. And, as it was Saturday and no school, she had the entire day at her disposal. She jumped out of her pyjamas and began to rummage about in her chest of drawers. She supposed, that she would need several pairs of panties, and chose some of various fabrics, styles and colours. Hidden in the back of a drawer she found a pack containing a pair of light brown nylon stockings, and another pack containing a white garterbelt.

She’d bought them a couple of weeks ago, thinking, that now when she’d become 15, she was old enough to sometimes dress up in a more sexy way. But up to now, she hadn’t tried them on. “But today I will”, she whispered. She sat down on the bed side and began to put on the first stocking. It was a bit tricky, being the first time, but little by little she managed. She stood up and picked out the garterbelt from it’s pack. She put it on. At first she wasn’t sure of what should be in the front and what should be in behind. But when she looked in the mirror, she saw how it was meant. And finally, after some fumbling, she managed to attach the stockings to the garterbelt.

Standing before the mirror in only nylon stockings and garterbelt, she was in her firm conviction, that she looked outstandingly ravishing and sexy! It wasn’t long ago since she’d begun to grow hair on her mimsy, but although it was very thin, she used to shave it off. When they changed for Physical Education at school, she’d noticed, that most of the other girls was shaved clean. And she liked, that it gave her the look of a little girl.

She heard her aunt Anouk calling, that breakfast was served, and hurried up to complete her dress. As she didn’t wish to spoil the sexy image, she chose a pair of silky, white panties instead of the usual cotton. Her tiny, but well-shaped breasts were very firm and didn’t need a bra. A pleated, blue, shortish skirt, a yellow blouse (she giggled: A French girl wrapped in a Swedish flag!) and on her feet her favourite sport ballerinas. Lastly she put some extra panties and pantyhoses, a box of Kleenex and a bottle of coca cola in her blue canvas messenger bag.

She hadn’t made up any specific plans for the day. She decided to play it by ear. She took the bus downtown. She strolled about the streets for a while. She was so excited. She waited for a suitable opportunity to use her Magic Whistle. But the streets were too crowded. She continued walking, enjoying the wonderful sunny spring day. A balmy breeze found its way in under her skirt, gently caressing her bare thighs above the stocking tops, making her aware of that she for the first time was having nylon stockings. She felt grown-up and sexy!

Ahead of her a statue of the great Swedish author August Strindberg appeared. It was standing in a small park. It seemed to be pretty empty, why Manon decided to look for her “opportunity” there. It was a hill with lots of trees and bushes with fresh, green leaves. The lawns were covered by carpets of blue scilla. Narrow foot-paths crossed the park in different directions. She walked up to the top of the hill and sat down on a park bench. She looked around. Not a single soul in sight. But it was a nice place to rest at, and she remained seating.

A movement on a path a bit below, made her alert again. It was a woman (“Hurrah!” Manon whispered). She was heading up to the top of the hill, where Manon was seating. She was pretty young, 18 – 20, Manon thought. There was a park bench opposite to Manon, and she crossed her fingers: “Please, please, let her sit down there! Please!” And that was just what the young woman decided to do. She sat down and lit a cigarette. Manon gave her a good look. She was pretty good-looking, very blonde, and wore a bordeaux-red skirt and a grey cardigan.

Manon took out the Whistle from her skirt pocket. She pondered over, which end of the Whistle she would blow. She decided to begin with the making-horny end. She put the Whistle to her lips, and blew. It was a moderate blow, and she waited in eager expectation for the effect. She wasn’t disappointed. The girl began at once to squeeze and rub her thighs. Then she took a paper, which she’d brought with her, and unfolded it on her knee. With one hand she held the paper, and the other hand she put under the paper. Very soon the paper began to move, making it obvious, that her hand was engaged in doing something under the cloak of the paper. To Manon it was also obvious, what that “something” was! It got her so aroused, that she couldn’t remain inactive. She parted her legs slightly and pulled up her skirt a bit. Enough to reveal her white thighs above the stocking tops. She put her trembling hands on her thighs, and began to stroke upon her nylon stockings. Oh, it felt so nice!

Manon looked at the girl, and noticed, that she was looking in between Manon’s knees. The paper moved in waves over her hand. At that moment both Manon and the girl at the same time discovered a woman and a man coming in their direction. The girl stopped to move her hand under the paper, and Manon put her skirt straight again. When the couple had passed them, the girl’s hand got active again. But Manon wanted to try the other end of the Whistle too. The making-to-pee end! She’d begun to need to pee pretty badly, and the thought of her and another girl wetting themselves at the same time made her insainly excited!

She took out the whistle again and blew. This time in the pee end. Not too hard, she didn’t want her to pee too soon. Then she turned the whistle and blew in the making-horny end. The effect was terrific! The girl moved her hand in such a vehement way, that the paper flew away, and Manon could see, that she had pulled up her skirt all the way. She had her hand inside both her pantyhose and her panties, furiously rubbing her pussy.

Manon followed her example, hitched up her skirt and put her hand inside her panties. She caressed her throbbing, stiff knob, which made her to moan of lust! With her other hand she began to rub her sensitive inside. She was now on the edge to both wet herself and to orgasm. She heard the other girl pant and moan, and suddenly a low but sharp cry gave away, that she began to orgasm! And that did it for Manon! She came harder, than she ever had before! At the same time she started to wet herself! Her hot pee flowed over her hands and through her panties. She looked eagerly at the girl. Would she too wet herself? And yes! She did! She was still orgasming, when a strong stream forced its way through her panties. In astonishment she looked down, she was actually peeing herself, she couldn’t believe it!

Their orgasms eventually ebbed out. The girl stood up and took the few steps up to Manon. She leant over Manon, and said:

“I’m sorry! I don’t know, how it happened! I’ve never done anything like this before.“

“Oh, don’t feel sorry! It wasn’t your fault, we couldn’t help it, it just happened,” Manon stuttered out. “And… and it felt so… I mean, well, I kind of liked it!”

“Yeah, that’s so crazy! I too liked it! And yet I felt so terribly embarrassed for wetting myself like a baby! By the way, my name is Annika: We should know our names, as we’ve shared a pretty intimate moment!”

“My name is Manon!”

“Are you from France? It sounds so from your accent.”

“Yes, I was born in France.”

They chatted a while before they parted. But before that they exchanged their mobile phone numbers.

*021*2015-07-07 18:43

Hi everybody,

I beg forgiveness for this very long delay to post a new chapter. I wrote this chapter in February, but I haven't been in the mood to post it earlier. Anyway, I feel much better now and here is the next chapter.

Manon and the Magic Whistle, Chapter 6.

Manon was at a school with only girls and most of her teachers were females too. They were all nice, she thought, with the exception of the English teacher. She was young and good-looking but very strict. Very! Manon didn't like her at all. It was like Miss Aldén (that was her name) enjoyed to be mean. She often made malicious remarks, if a pupil failed to give the right answer. It happened quite frequently that some poor girl burst into tears during her lessons.

One day one of Manon's classmates, Anita, asked to be allowed to go to the bathroom. Miss Aldén answered:

"You should know by now, that I don't allow my pupils to leave the classroom for bathroom visits. There are plenty of time for that between lessons."

"But..."

"No arguing! To get you to understand what I'm saying, you have to write 'It's not allowed to visit the bathroom during the lesson!' ten times on the blackboard! Now!"

Anita went up to the blackboard on shaky legs. She started to write. She tripped restlessly on the spot with crossed legs. Suddenly she stopped writing and dropped the chalk. Tears welled out of her eyes. She pressed her skirt in between her thighs. It didn't help. She parted her legs, and her classmates and Miss Aldén witnessed how she totally lost control and peed herself. Pee ran down her legs and hit the floor. Some of it filled her shoes.

Her classmates looked in horror at her. They felt so sorry for her. But Miss Aldén didn't feel sorry.

"You filthy girl! What are you up to? You're fifteen years old, not a baby! Go back to your desk, after the lesson you and I shall pay a visit to the headmistress!"

Manon was so angry! She couldn't believe, that a teacher could be so cruel; it was like she thought, that Anita had wetted herself on purpose. And on the top of it all, she'd forced Anita to sit at her desk in her soaked panties for the rest of the lesson! Someone should teach her a lesson! Then she got a bright idea. In her pocket she had, as usual, her Magic Whistle. Why not let Miss Aldén see how it felt to have to pee really, really bad?

Concealed in her hand she brought the Whistle to her lips and aimed it to Miss Aldén. At first she blew a shorter puff, just enough to make her to feel a strong need to pee.

Miss Aldén was standing writing on the blackboard, when she began to move a bit uneasily. She crossed her legs and pressed her thighs together. She tried hard to not show anything to the class. Her urge to pee grew stronger and stronger, but it was only five minutes left of the lesson. She should be able to endure. To leave for the toilet during the lesson was out of the question, she thought. Not in the wiew of the rule she'd just minutes ago stated for her pupils. Sure she had to pee pretty bad, but she was a grown up, she was no doubt able to endure.

At that moment Manon blew her Whistle again. This time stronger. Miss Aldén began to wriggle and trip restlessly before the blackboard, and now the whole class noticed her awkward predicament. Was it possible? Did their strict teacher have to pee so badly, that she wasn't able to conceal her urge from her class? Miss Aldén got more and more desperate. She pressed her hands against her crotch. But all was in vain. Suddenly a strong spurt of pee soaked her panties and the front of her skirt, that she'd pressed in between her thighs. At first the pupils didn't notice as she still was facing the blackboard. But soon she peed a steady stream, which ran down her legs, filled her shoes and hit the floor forming a big puddle around her feet.

The bell went for the end of the lesson, but the class didn't notice it. They were all staring fascinated at their teacher. Miss Aldén shouted:

"Leave the classroom at once! You too, Anita! I'll talk to you later."

It was their last lesson for the day. But Manon wasn't done with Miss Aldén. She thought, that Miss Aldén should learn to show respect for her pupils. She waited outside the school. It didn't take long before Miss Aldén appeared. She had a light coat on, which concealed her wet skirt.

Manon followed her at some distance. She knew, that she used to cross a park near the school on her way home. It wasn't very likely, that she would choose any other way home than the shortest, she thought and giggled.

She was right. Miss Aldén turned left, when she reached the park. Time to act, Manon thought. She put the Whistle to her lips and again she blew in the "pee"-end. Enough to make Miss Aldén desperate to pee.

Miss Aldén stopped and crossed her legs. She realized, that she was soon to pee herself again if she didn't find somewhere release herself before. She looked around and then, with short but very quick steps, she reeled away towards a big shrubbery.

Manon turned the Whistle to blow the "horny"-end. It was a pretty long blow, enough to make Miss Aldén to stop to put her right hand in between her thighs, pressing in the coat and the skirt against her crotch. With very funny steps she continued to the shrubbery.

Manon hastened to catch up with her teacher. Again she put the Whistle to her lips and blew first the "pee"- and then the "horny"-end. Hard puffs!

Miss Aldén stopped behind a bush. Hastily she took off her coat and threw it on the ground. She pulled up her skirt to her hips but didn't manage to pull down her red, silky panties before she started to pee. Manon was right behind her and hurried to pass her to be able to watch her strict teacher wetting herself like a little girl! Oh, it was such an exciting spectacle! Manon felt strong twitches in her pussy, she was getting very horny!

Miss Aldén winced, when she caught sight of Manon. Somewhere in her dazed mind she knew, that she should behave herself in the presence of a pupil of her, but it didn't stop her from putting her right hand on her crotch. Her pee rushed between her fingers, when she rubbed upon her panties. She'd parted her legs and through her almost see-through panties Manon could see, that her crotch was clean shaved.

Manon went up close to her teacher. She pulled up her skirt and grabbed her left hand and placed it on the front of her pink cotton panties. Miss Aldén made a feeble try to withdraw her hand, but Manon blew another puff on the horny end of the Whistle, which made Miss Aldén to instead begin to caress Manon's pussy! Evilly Manon thought, that Miss Aldén was in her power now! She reached her hand in between Miss Aldén's thighs and felt her warm pee pouring on it. It felt so nice! She cupped her hand and let it be filled with pee. Then she brought it to her mouth and drank it. Oh, it tasted wonderfully! the taste excited her! She wondered if her teacher would like to taste her pee. She started to pee, and at once it streamed through her panties and into Miss Aldén's caressing hand.

"Taste my pee", she whispered. And Miss Aldén wasn't late to do so! "Did you like it, miss?" She asked.

"Ye... yes!" Miss Aldén stuttered. She began to caress Manon's pussy again. Still wetting herself Manon got a big orgasm! She moaned out loudly! In the next moment her teacher also came hard, groaning and moaning! They both were shaking, Manon in several ongoing orgasms!

Their orgasms ebbed out. Miss Aldén, still immensely horny, tried to kiss Manon. But Manon took a step back.

"Miss Aldén", she said in a serious voice. "I'm only fifteen years old, and you're my teacher! You're not allowed to kiss a pupil! You're not allowed to caress her pussy! To make her orgasm! You're not allowed to let her taste your pee! You're not allowed to masturbate in front of her! And let her witness you're orgasms! You wouldn't be allowed to teach anymore, if I told what you've done! Not in our school, not anywhere! You might even have to go to prison! If you don't want that to happen, you have to do as I tell you. Firstly, you have to beg Anita's forgiveness! And secondly, you have to treat your pupils with respect in the future! And do you know what? You're now in my power! You have to obey me, do whatever I tell you! In short, from now on I am your Mistress! Do you get it? Say: Manon, you are my Mistress, and I will always obey you! Now!"

"Manon, you are my Mistress, and I will always obey you!" She looked at Manon. "Please, don't tell anyone! I will beg Anita's forgiveness! And from now on treat my pupils with respect. And do everything you tell me to do."

"Good! See you in school tomorrow, Rebecka Aldén!" And then she turned and left Miss Aldén, who was still standing with parted legs and wet panties.

It was not until she noticed, that a couple of girls stared at her, when she passed them, as she got aware of, that her skirt was still wrapped around her waist, and that she showed her soaked panties. With hot red blushing cheeks she hastily arranged her skirt.

*023*2015-07-14 22:34

Thankyou so much :)!! This chapter is based on something, that happened to a girl in my class, when we were 15 y o. She was also denied to leave the classroom to visit the toilet. Our teacher was just as mean as the teacher in my story. And as in my story the poor girl wetted herself before the whole class, and the teacher yelled at her... I wish I'd had Manon's Magic Whistle!

And btw. next chapter is almost finished; actually I'd planned to post it before this one...

