The Mother Ship

Author: venus

*000*2025-04-06 03:47

As Lily walked down the street, she felt twinges and stings in her lower abdomen, as if her insides were being twisted around. The cause of these sensations was actually much more mundane: she was bursting for a piss.

The bathroom in her house had been unusable for a couple of day due to issues with the plumbing, so she just held it for as long as possible and looked for a public restroom when her bladder was too full. This was one of the times where it was too full.

She kept walking, frantically spinning her head from left to right, hoping that a restroom would suddenly appear in her sight. She kept performing this desperate routine until she noticed a construction site, with a porta-potty next to the unfinished building. She discreetly sprinted towards it, while tightly gripping her crotch with her hands. There was a fence around the site, but she knew that if she climbed up that barrier she would lose control and completely soak herself.

Lily kept looking around for a way in, all the while bouncing up and down due to the unbearable pressure on her bladder. She noticed a small gap in the fence, "I'm slim enough, I should fit right through." She quickly walked over to it and spun herself sideways to squeeze through. She started walking like a crab, slowly and carefully making her way through the gap.

"BRRRRRRT" Startled by the sound of a jackhammer, she yelped and a spurt of piss escaped her, wetting her panties and leaving a small stain on the crotch of her jeans.

She gathered all the strength that was left in her body and regained control of her bladder. Now more determined than ever, she jumped out of the gap and rushed to the porta-potty, her hands gripping her groin with the bite force of an alligator. As soon as she was in front of the door a strong twinge in her bladder hit her, making her bend over. She felt the warm liquid rushing out. She instinctively tightened her grip, pulling on the fabric of the jeans and basically choking her vulva. Through sheer willpower, she managed to stop the spurt just before it escaped her urethra, saving herself from another leak.

So close to relief, and yet it felt like she was miles away. She couldn't take her hands away from her crotch to grab the porta-potty's door handle, or else she'd leak, and she had no other reliable way of opening it. Moreover, she felt that if she made another step forward a wet disaster would ensue. While trying to stand on her shaky legs, she lost her balance.

As Lily fell backwards, time began slowing down. The birds soaring through the sky turned into statues, and so did the people around her. The slow down of time interrupted her fall, locking her in a bent over backwards pose. She felt like Neo dodging bullets, however she wasn't the chosen one and she was dodging an accident. Her bladder was burning, she wanted to let go, regardless of how humiliating it would be. However time had ground to a halt, so there was no way of doing it. She contemplated the frozen world around her, wondering what the hell was going on, when a flash of bright light blinded her.

Sarah kept walking down the transparent pavement, her mind was focused solely on clenching her pelvic muscles as tightly as possible. She couldn't use the typical pee holding techniques like grabbing her crotch with her hands, or crossing her legs. She was supposed to set an example, doing such things would be very unseemly of her, she thought.

So she marched onward, albeit very quickly, and kept her composure. A pang in her bladder hit her. Her hands started flying at mach speed to her groin, but then she reminded herself of her duties, and froze in place. She managed to stop any leaks by using all the strength that was left in her to contract her urinary sphincters. She looked around, at the people walking past her on the sidewalk, and at the countless other invisible sidewalks above and below her: the Mother Ship truly was a sight to behold.

After managing to gain back her focus, Sarah resumed her walk towards the toilet. The closest public restroom was in Dome C, "Oh hell why didn't I catch a pod... I'd have been there in a second." Nonetheless, she kept moving, as her bladder desperately tried to release its content into her government issued all-purpose bodysuit.

Another ocean of people had made its way past her, and her field of view was cleared, allowing her to see restroom she was headed towards. This caused another wave of desperation to hit her, but with her vulva practically welded shut due to how much she was contracting her muscles the newfound desperation didn't concern her too much.

The last part of her walk felt like hell on earth, every second lasting forever. But she made it, finally, she was in front of the restroom door, she just had to-

A flash of white light stunned her. "AAAAAAAAAAGH!" Lily appeared from the now fading radiance. She fell down on her butt, which caused her to get distracted from the matter at hand, that being holding in her pee. Piss began coming out of her in strong, sporadic spurts, which gradually increased the size of the glistening wet patch on the crotch of her jeans. And then, she lost any semblance of control, as a loud hissing sound preannounced the coming disaster. The hot liquid freely flowed out, soaking her jeans and pooling on the ground. She couldn't help but let out a sigh of relief, as the stain on her pants grew ever larger.

The loud hiss entered Sarah's ears, and the expanding wet patch filled her pupils. That, coupled with the surprise of the flash, was simply too much for her. Piss began shooting out of her urethra, hitting the crotch of her bodysuit and soaking right through it, forming a strong stream that flowed down and pooled at her feet. Some of it went down her legs, turning her white clothes see through.

Lily's stream subsided, she was too dumbfounded to realize that she was sitting in a puddle of piss, or to think about how the glistening, wet fabric of her jeans uncomfortably clung onto her skin. She heard the sound of more liquid splashing on the ground, and noticed Sarah's own predicament. The expanding see through stain on her crotch, the piss flowing down right onto the ground and the relieved expression on her face, which let on the fact that she was feeling a different kind of pleasure from the one caused by simply peeing after a long time, slightly turned on Lily.

The stream began growing weaker and subsiding, as Sarah pulled the tight fabric away from her crotch to try and make it cling a little less, but as soon as she released it, it snapped right back in place. A loud siren was heard, and drones flew toward the girls. Lily looked at them with worry, what did they want from them?

The drone shot out a green, flat ray of light which scanned Sarah's face up and down. "SARAH 82998. YOU HAVE COMMITTED A CLASS-A URINARY INFRACTION. THIS WAS THE LAST INFRACTION PERMITTED BY YOUR GOVERNMENTAL PASS. ALL FOLLOWING VIOLATIONS OF URINARY REGULATION UNTIL THE RENEWAL OF YOUR PASS SHALL BE PUNISHED ACCORDINGLY." The drone uttered in a robotic voice, just to then quickly fly away.

"T-the hell was that? The hell is this place?!" Lily asked. "I'll explain everything, but- you should get changed first." Sarah replied as her bodysuit began automatically drying, in about 5 seconds there was no pee left to stain it, and it was no longer see through, much to Lily's dismay.

*001*2025-04-08 03:40

When Sarah reached her front door the sliding metal panel quickly opened, making way. "No cool futuristic hand prints or face scans or whatever?" Lily asked, a little disappointed. "That's a waste of time, a camera on top of the doorway handles identification." They walked inside. The house looked... normal, no sleek furniture with weird curves and LEDs all over, just the usual wooden appliances. 

"Well this is kinda underwhelming..." Lily muttered. "Why's it underwhelming?" Sarah was confused, her house looked perfectly fine, she thought. "The rest of the... city? World? I don't know, you've still got to explain that to me- either way, the outside looks like it came straight out of a Sci-Fi movie, but this? This could be my home's interior, minus the view from the window." Sarah was starting to understand what the other girl meant "I guess... I'm just kind of an history enthusiast, so I like using old-timey furniture. Honestly it has more style than the shiny white stuff they make nowadays, that's just boring."

"Anyway, can I shower and- you know, get new clothes? These are cold and... sticky." Lily asked, looking down at her pants in shame. "Shower? Oh, yeah- they kinda... don't exist anymore." Sarah said and shrugged. "Are people just constantly dirty then?" Lily was confused. She understood she was in the future, that was kind of obvious, but everything was so weird. Thinking back on it, she had only seen women on the streets- and those drones mentioned "Urinary Infractions" is pissing yourself a crime now? "No, we just use cleaning rooms, you go in, wait 10 seconds and come out as clean as one can get... but enough talking, go in the cleaning room. Just, head to the bedroom - the one to your left - then in the usual white sliding door."

Lily nodded and went into the bedroom, but she stopped walking as a pressing question hit her.

- "Sarah!"

- "What?" She replied.

- "Do I need to take my clothes off before going in?"

- "No! The room takes care of that."

Now curious as to how the room would "take care of that", she headed towards the white sliding door, which opened for her. She walked in: it was pretty small, but she only had to be in there for a few seconds, so she figured she'd be fine. The door closed, then all of a sudden robotic arms emerged from the walls, grabbing Lily's clothes and yanking them away. "Hey!" She yelped, as the arms unbuckled her belt and pulled down her jeans. 

After quickly stripping her down, they went back behind hidden wall panels, bringing the clothes along with them. Water started shooting out from all directions. Lily felt a sting in her bladder and instinctively grabbed her crotch. "Fuck- I pissed my guts out just a few minutes ago and now I gotta go again?" She figured peeing in Sarah's room wouldn't be very kind, so she held it, despite her growing need. More arms appeared, this time spreading soap on her body.

"This is kinda relaxing, actually... I wish I had this stuff back at home- home? Am I even going to be able to go back there?" While worrying thoughts filled her mind, the arms applied shampoo and conditioner to her hair. Hot air replaced the water shooting out from all directions, the arms started brushing her hair and drying it with a towel, then they brought out new garments, just regular sweatpants and a t-shirt. "They won't even let me put the clothes on?" They quickly dressed her, and when the door opened they pushed her out.

She walked back into Sarah's living room, she was sitting on the couch, sipping from a white cup and watching TV. "Television is still relevant... but showers aren't?" Sarah turned her head "Oh you're out!" She grabbed the remote and turned off the TV. "Do you still want that explanation on why the world runs like it does?" Lily nodded, sitting down on an armchair near the couch. "Long story or short story? And what year are you from?" Sarah leaned on the arm of the couch, looking at Lily expectantly. "Long story, and I'm from 2025."

"2025... got it." Sarah looked down, immersed in deep thought for just a second. "Around 2040- the sources aren't very precise when it comes to dates- there was a groundbreaking discovery: completely artificial incubation of human beings starting from a single cell. In short, babies are born in pods now. The technique was in a very early stage though, so it could only be used starting from cells with XX chromosomes and generate other ones of the same type. That's the reason you mostly see women on the streets- I say mostly because, for example, there are still transgender men and non-binary people." Lily was very interested in the explanation, hearing the future of humanity was mind blowing to her. So much so that she even forgot about her bladder's growing need for relief.

"Either way, I'm getting sidetracked. Sources mention some kind of impending doom becoming known to mankind soon after this technique was discovered, so some people- we don't know who- made a giant spaceship, like very, very huge, about the size of Australia, and a bunch of people were sent off along with these incubation pods, to escape whatever catastrophe hit the Earth. You're on that very spaceship right now- it's called the Mother Ship. We made lots of technological developments here, including faster than light travel! That caused the time travel shenanigans which brought you here... happens more often than you'd think, going faster than light really fucks with the universe." Sarah continued, clearly loving Lily's interest.

"To put an end to this yap: The closest planet suitable for being inhabited that we can reach within a reasonable amount of time has substances in its atmosphere with extremely strong diuretic properties, if we just went there right now we might just die from overworking our kidneys. For this reason, there are laws in place on when, where and how you can pee, and overall holding it in is a fundamental part of our culture. This is basically our way of training humanity for what's to come." Sarah sighed, finally being able to catch her breath. She looked at Lily, who was fidgeting on the couch and had a hand on her crotch: the last part of her explanation clearly reminded the girl of her need for the restroom.

"Do you have any questions? Sarah asked, hoping she could resist not pissing for a little more. "Yeah... where's the bathroom?" She glared at Lily, her eyes spelling out her disappointment. "Did you not listen to me? There are strict laws on urination, you can't just take a leak whenever! Time travellers get one exemption for when they first get here, but nothing more than that. I work for the government, so I get a special pass for more frequent bathroom uses... but you? You don't." 

Lily had a horrified expression on her face. She started to sweat, now feeling very nervous, which just worsened her need to pee "So I'm just... stuck here now? I can't go back? And I need to abide by your... your piss laws?" Sarah nodded sternly "Time travel is an accidental consequence of our ship's speed, we can't control it. If you don't learn to hold it you will have a very hard time here." Lily gripped her crotch more tightly, she felt very uncomfortable at the thought of the government deciding when she could pee, but she was also excited about getting to use all the cool technology that came from the future.

"You have 2 options at this point: you can come live with me for a while, I'll teach every little secret humanity has when it comes to not pissing: you will get a temporary training pass for accidents and the like, so the law won't come after you. But it's gonna be harsh, this is a very accelerated course. Oh, and the other option is that you go on the streets, lose control of your bladder immediately and get arrested." Sarah intertwined her fingers, waiting for a response from Lily, who was now holding her groin with both hands and looked very shocked.

"Fine... I'll stay with you. This is unrelated, but, did I tell you my name? I heard yours from the drones." Sarah looked down as she was reminded of her run in with the law and embarrassing accident earlier. "No, what's your name?" Lily raised her hand to shake Sarah's "Lily, nice to meet you... I guess." As Sarah's shook it back she got up. "Your training starts right now, Lily." She headed to the fridge, and took out a one liter water bottle. "Drink up" She tossed it to her. 

"D-drink up?! No way, I'm already desperate, you can't just add fuel to the fire!" Sarah shook her head "You'll hold it in, it's an order. Either you do as I say or I'll call the police robots to come pick you up." Lily frowned, looking at the bottle. Sarah was grinning, which kind of surprised her. She looked like such a kind girl earlier... now she seemed a sadist. "A-are you getting a kick out of this?" Sarah chuckled, playing with an hair strand on her shoulder "Maybe... But trust me, it's much better to train with someone like me than with heartless police bots."

Lily sighed and started chugging the water. As much as she wanted to go home and be free from this craziness, Sarah's attitude was kind of a turn on for her, truth to be told, she even felt a little attraction. Seeing the positive side of the situation helped make it more bearable. However, all those nice thoughts were soon overshadowed as she finished drinking the water: Her bladder stung, Lily bent forwards and tightened the grip on her crotch. "Fuck! The water I drank before time travelling got to my bladder." She clenched her thighs shut, rubbing them against each other. Sarah simply leaned back and watched, ready to start the next phase of the training.

*003*2025-04-10 04:08

"No holding yourself!" Sarah shouted sternly. Lily was tightly gripping her crotch, bending over and bouncing up and down on the couch. "If I don't hold myself, I-I'm gonna-" Sarah grabbed her wrists and pinned them to the wall, looking at her with annoyance, but also a devious smile: she knew they were both into it. Lily pushed her thighs against each other as hard as she could, due to not having her hands there to help her hold anymore. Sarah released her wrists and headed to the fridge. "What are you doing? I can't drink any more! I'm going to burst!" Lily rubbed her legs against each other as she fought off the urge of grabbing her groin with her hands and never letting go.

Sarah came back from the kitchen and tossed a one liter water bottle at her. "ONE LITER?!" Lily felt her bladder twist just by looking at the liquid. "Drink it, right now." Sarah smiled, closing her eyes. Reluctantly, Lily opened the cap and brought the bottle to her lips, as soon as the liquid hit her mouth she felt her bladder sting. She couldn't resist, she gripped it with her free hand, still drinking from the other.

"I said no holding yourself!" Sarah rushed over to Lily, who looked at her worriedly as she kept chugging the water. She grabbed Lily's wrist again, but as she was about to pull it away she got a better idea. She brought her hand over to her abdomen and pushed on Lily's bladder. Lily spit out the water and let the bottle fall as a sudden wave of desperation washed over her. Then she felt the floodgates opening, and, in a last ditch attempt to save herself, both of her hands lounged at her crotch, holding it and pulling the fabric of her sweatpants.

Surprisingly, her efforts worked, and she managed to hold it in. Sarah headed over to the fridge again. Lily was at her wits' end, one more milliliter of water would have killed her. She was tapping her feet on the ground and frantically bending her torso up and down, her bladder felt like it had the weight of a car, she was about to explode. "Sarah, I really need to piss, please!" Lily said as the other girl came back with another 1 liter bottle and threw it on the couch.

"No way!" Lily shouted. "Yes way." Sarah said as she tried to hide a smile. She walked over to the couch, grabbed the bottle and screwed off the cap, handing it to Lily. "You've held yourself, going against my orders, and didn't finish the last bottle I gave you, so you're going to drink this one as punishment." Lily slowly pulled a hand away from her crotch and over to the bottle, grabbing it. She looked at it for a second, her bladder kept sending wave after wave of desperation, twisting and twinging.

She just threw it at her mouth and began drinking. Sarah grabbed her arm and pulled her up, shocking Lily, who barely managed to stand on her shaky legs. "You've got to drink every last drop. While you do that, follow me." She let her hand slide down to Lily's, grabbing it and leading her to the bedroom. "Since I'm so nice, I'll have let you sleep for a while, that'll make holding it easier." "Sleep!? How the hell am I going to sleep if my bladder is weighing down on me so hard? If I relax even for a second I'll piss myself!" Lily was worried. She was never the best at holding it while asleep, which caused her a lot of embarrassment

"Don't worry Lily, you'll figure it out." She pushed her on the bed. Lily fell forwards, the second she hit the mattress she realized what Sarah was doing. The weight of her entire body was pressing down on her bladder, as she laid belly down. She tried to roll around but it was too late. With one final pang in her bladder, piss began shooting out of her. A loud hissing noise filled the room as pee soaked through her panties and an expanding dark patch appeared on her sweatpants, turning the loose fabric wet and sticky. It quickly started flowing through her pants too, pooling at her butt and soaking the bed sheets.

As the liquid kept gushing out, Sarah started talking. "Well, that was disappointing, but expected of a time travelling girl like you, you people simply lack the iron bladders of modern humans." Lily sat up and looked down in shame, she wasn't embarrassed about wetting herself, but about how much she was enjoying the feeling of warmth spreading around her legs, flowing down onto the bed sheets. "Iron bladder? you pissed yourself as soon as we-" Sarah shushed her "Do you want to drink a few more liters? You didn't piss out most of the water I made you drink, which means most of it is going to get to your bladder soon. Be very, very careful."

As the last few drops came out, Lily looked at the mattress. There was, of course, a huge, glistening wet stain where she sat, some pee pooled down around her butt. She raised her thighs to allow the liquid to soak into the bed. "I'm... sorry..." Lily muttered. Sarah bit her lip and responded "You better be! For now, stay in your wet clothes and go to sleep. But rest assured, there will be more consequences." The sheets quickly dried themselves as Sarah walked out.

Lily laid down, not being able to change was no punishment at all. She enjoyed how soggy and warm they felt, and she- "Never mind" the novelty quickly faded away as the fabric of her pants got cold, and clung onto her skin. She closed her eyes, and simply tried to relax: she really needed some sleep.
