Vaine, Goddess of Death, Sexual/Peeing Adventures Throughout the Multiverse (Insanely Long Story) - Page 5

Author: Vaine Steele

*000*2024-11-27 04:44

Phew it's finally done. I know I sound like a broken record but sorry it took so long. 2024 has been a rough year for me. That's not really an excuse it's just what it is. I spend usually, on average, 100 hours on each of these chapters now. I painstakingly edited this one and I'm sure there's still an error I missed.

Anyway I'll talk about the chapter abit. This one was hard to write for a few reasons. One being I don't do action scenes very well. I tried my best here to go over every detail so, lemme know what you all think. Second the attempted rape scene was something I was debating including at all. I decided to include it because it shows just how vile some of the criminals on this planet are, much like Earth of today.

The last reason why it was hard to write is that I pictured so many of these scenes in my head last year so I wanted to make sure I got it right, namely Braum's badass entrance scene, Kastor's kill scene and Xer-Ren trolling Braum shortly after with a short line. It makes me giggle, dunno about all of you but lol.

I hope to showcase more abilities of Vaine's current allies abilities but for now this will have to do. I've already written part of chapter 19 but I cannot say when it'll be out. Hopefully sooner than this one lol.

Later all, I hope you enjoy. 😛

P.S. omg I forgot about the Mini Inter-Lewds lol. But yeah I wanted the reader to keep track of the detective's progress. I'm not sure if I'll do more inter-lewds on other missions but I may if context requires it. Initially the police investigation was just going to be in my head but where's the fun in that? 🙂

*002*2024-12-17 21:11

{{On 12/16/2024 at 4:26 AM, orangelion said:

"Is it Braun or Braum? In chapter 17 it is spelled Braun. In this latest chapter it is spelled Braum"

God dammit my brain xD. I totally missed that. Braum sounds better in my head so we're gonna stick with that.

"I liked the inter-lewd. Though, with that name I expected something lewd to happen. It is fine that they don't have any lewdness, it is just that the name sets up an expectation that is not met."

Lol. Yeah it's just wordplay, I thought it was amusing. Anyway nah the interludes/lewds will always drive the plot forward from a perspective that's not from Vaine. The only way sex would be included in them is if they're central to that plot.

Thanks for reading, glad you enjoyed it. :3

}}

&&

&&

&&

&&

