Toilet of Reversal

Author: Vaporbender

*000*2011-04-03 01:38

It was a sunny, sweaty day at the amusement park. Jackie was a tall, slender teenager, her long, rich brown hair in a single ponytail. She was wearing a long sleeved, deep blue velvet shirt and tight, white pants. She was one of many here on this blistering hot day, which was quite a contrast to the frigid morning.

"Gah, it was so cold out this morning! Why did it have to get so sweltering hot?", she said. Although she was only there for two minutes, she was already sweating, and her throat drier than sandpaper. "I've got to get some water before I get on the rides, or I feel like I'm going to have a heat stroke!". To her delight, she saw a vending machine. She must have put 25 dollars in it before she got enough soda to survive the day. After drinking one and putting the rest in her empty, red backpack, she said "Guess it's time to have some *belch* fun."

And so, Jackie put her plan into action, having to have a soda every few minutes due to the intense heat. She rode the rollercoaster, played the dunk-ball, did the strength test, and sampled some salty pretzels. It wasn't until she was heading to the ferris wheel that she felt a slight urge to go, but she dismissed it and chugged down another soda. After she boarded the ferris wheel, she said to herself "Maybe I should have gone... then again, it's not like I'm going to be stuck on this ride.". Little did she know that she WAS going to be stuck on the ferris wheel. As she got on, it steadily climbed, her urge faintly increasing. Suddenly, while she was at the highest height of the rollercoaster, it jerked to a halt, thrusting her forward and releasing a tiny spurt of pee. Jackie was now panicking, thinking "What if all these bystanders see me wet my pants!".

Another 30 minutes went by, and by now, all the soda had hit Jackie's bladder. She didn't know what was worse, the sun coating her entire body in sweat or the extreme urgency of her situation. Luckily however, the ferris wheel had started up again, putting her closer and closer to relief. Once her seat was on the ground, she dashed forward at a near blurred speed, holding onto her groin with all her might. After what seemed like hours, she finally reached the girls restroom. Upon opening the door, she saw two stalls. One was so filthy that the very door had partly rotted away. The other was squeaky clean, even the toilet lid looked clean enough to eat off of. Giving no second thought, Jackie rushed to the cleaner of the two and unzipped. Her relief was intense, but something caught her eye. The toilet was churning, bubbling even, despite her not having laid a single finger on the toilet handle.

About two minutes later, when she felt half done, the toilet shot an intense geyser directly at her faucet. Not wanting to get yucky toilet water (and her own pee) on her, she pushed out harder to try and counter the toilet. A battle then raged in the stall, one which Jackie knew she couldn't win. "I'll just turn away once it's all out!", she muttered to herself. Another minute passed on, and the strength of Jackie's stream faded. She quickly turned around, but to her horror, the stream bended around. In a flash, the toilet had put all her pee back into her bladder, plus the equivalent of five extra sodas. She knew she couldn't try that toilet again, so she rushed over to the other stall. It was too late though, the flood had started. As her pants turned from white to yellow, victory to defeat, she dropped on her knees, unsure as to if she should cry or tremble in fear.

Later on, she tried telling the manager about the toilet she had named 'Toilet of Reversal'. He fell out of his chair, laughing to the point of almost fainting at her soaked pants, just like all those that caught eye on the way to his office. This time, knew what to do. Cry.

*002*2011-04-03 14:40

{{:

Nice and short. :)

But it'll be much better if you put more parts which lead up to wetting it could make more suspense in the story instead of like rushing it.

}}

You're right. Although I've only written two fanfictions now, looking back at them, I do notice that there were parts which I rushed them. It's something that I'm going to work on when I write my next fanfiction.

