Desperate at at park with friends
	(fiction)
Author: VAIZEL

*000*2021-05-14 13:40

My 2nd fiction story

It all started when Jeffery and casey invited their college friend Dapahne out. They texted her saying

Let's go to a park to hang out and keep fit!

Daphne texted back "sure!" And started going

Through her clothes to see what to wear for that day.

The next day arrived really fast and it was time to meet casey and jeffery.

Dapahne decided to

Wear a sporty shirt and a short white skirt.

But before doing that dapahne took a bath then went to eat her breakfast and drank a cup of tea and some water before heading out.

She took a 1 hour journey to reach the mall as Daphane friends would like to meet her for lunch

Before heading to the park.

Daphane arrived at the mall and spotted her friends.she waved to them and they went for lunch.

She ordered a burger and big bottle of water for the park hike and drank half of it. Because she was thirsty. By now her bladder is carrying 370 ml of liqud thanks to the tea and water she had in the morning.

Status

: Bladder

: 370/800ml

Hydration

: not thirsty

Energy level

: high

That is all for Part 1 !

*001*2021-05-17 13:12

Part 2

Daphne ,casey,jeffery headed out to the Train to take to the huge park that stretches 13.6km long.

Daphne and her friends chatted with excitement about the new park as they can't wait to start the hike.

Once they arrived. Daphane and friends challenged themselves to see how fast and how far they can run. Daphane agreed. Before running she refilled her bottle at the nearby water cooler then gulped down the entire bottle and proceed to start the challenge set by her friends.

Daphne and her friends snaked through the trails for about 30 mins before panting to a stop.

They all agreed to stop and rest at a sheltered pavillion.

When daphane sat down she felt a slight urge

To use the toilet but she was confident she could hold it till the end of the trail. After all she had a huge bladder and was experienced in holding some body fluids.

Casey noticed she was distracted and asked her if she was okay she mumbled yes... then again but louder. Casey was knew that something is troubling her but did not dare to ask.

After resting for another hour

Daphane bladder got more uncomfortable and she was wondering when they were about the continue the hike. Just when she was about to say something Jeffery said that they rested enough and should stop wasting time and explore the rest of the park before it gets dark.

Dapahne and the others agreed.

(part 2 end)

Status

:bladder

:562/800ml

Hydratiom

: A little thirsty

Energy

: Medium

*003*2021-05-18 13:45

Okay will do.

*004*2021-05-22 16:22

Part 3

Daphne bladder was getting more swollen as her bladder filled up.

She walked and scanned her surroundings hoping to find a public toilet to relieve herself.

But all that effort was in vain as the park seem to stretch on for miles with no end in sight.

Her friends seem so clueless about her situation as they chatted away.

Daphne looked at her watch to check the time. It read 3pm she realised the last time she visted a bathroom was at 9am and it have been 8 hours since her last visit.

Now, Daphne was getting less confident with her bladder strength. Her urethra was starting to hurt from the constant holding and she started pressing her legs together sometimes.

After another 2 hours of walking around daphne and her friends got lost. They walked till there was no sign indicating where they are.

Their phones had no reception and the sun was starting to set .

On top of that.the trail they were taking spilt into 4 different paths all which have no signboard direction.

They were starting to panic as none of them knew the exit and were phsyically and mentally exhausted .

Daphne was also exhausted not just from the hike. But also her bladder, it is so swollen that it can be seen bulging through her white skirt.

Daphne mind was racing with thoughts.

Was she gonna pee herself here?

How long more till we find a exit?

Will my bladder burst? Daphne thought.

She continued fidgeting and pressing her thighs together tightly.

Status

Bladderr : 780ml/800ml

Hydration

:thirsty

Energy

: Low

*005*2021-05-29 15:42

Part 4

It was 6 30 pm

Darkness engulfed the sky.

Casey,jeffery and daphne walked for the next 20 mins before they reached a signboard lighted up by a small lamp post.

The signboard showed the entire map of the park

And where they were.

At the other end there was another sign it reads : 500m exit turn left.

The exhausted group faces lit up with joy and hurried over to the trail mentioning exit.

Daphne was especially happy since her full bladder will get to release its full contents soon.

The group walked another 500m and ended up on a deserted road with no lights,no train station,no bus stop. Not even a signboard in sight.

Daphne started to lose hope as her full bladder won't hold out much longer.

She was shivering from the cold wind blowing at her legs.

Not just from the cold, but as well as the water she drank earlier in the park made its way down to her bladder.

The group walked aimlessly in one direction of the dark road and saw a dimly lit bus stop.

There was only one bus services catering to that stop. But it was better than nothing.

40 mins later... still no buses came.

Daphne had a huge bladder bulge from her skirt and it was so visible that jeffery and casey saw it.

You okay there? Your stomach is really bloated. Are you ill ?Casey asked, Daphen eyes were closed she was panting hard, one hand in between her white skirt and the other rubbing the bulge from her skirt.

When she finally did reply Daphne said: I really need to use the bathroom. Where is the bus?! I'm going to pee myself!!

Arghhhhh!! My pee hole hurts so bad...

Status

: Bladder

: 894/800ml

Hydration

:Med

Energy level

: Very low

*006*2021-06-01 05:25

7.02pm

Daphne nightmare was coming true. The inevitable hot urine in her bladder was about to come pouring out and runing her clothes.

She used every strength in her body to hold her bladder. Not caring about her appearance

Her friends looked at her with sympathy as she struggled.

7.30pm

Daphne junped up and said : I can't take it anymore! MY pee is coming out!!

I guess i'll have to pee somewhere! Otherwise it will go into my skirt!!

Ahhh! She said as hot urine went into her panties

She doubled over and held herself.

Jeffery rushed over and said use this empty bottle and relive yourself! Me and casey promise we won't look!!

Daphne: NO! I WON'T BELIEVE YOU GUYS! GUYS ARE ALWAYS THE SAME, YOU PERVERTS!

She squrirted once more into her panties and moaned in pain.

Jeffery : TRUST US!! WE WILL WON'T LOOK!

Daphne: NOOO Stop!! I won't pee here!!! I'll hold till i die!!!

Jeffery:YOUR JUST MAKING YOURSELF SUFFER MORE...

Casey : If you want to hold your pee and die. Do it

Jeffery: what are you TALKING ABOUT Casey?

Casey : whether you use the bottle or hold your pee the result have been a complete mystery.

Jeffery : Casey What... "

Sorry" casey said that was a weird thing to ask.

Just then a bus arrived at the bus stop and took them to the nearest Train station.

On the way to the train station Daphne kept losing urine into her panties even as she held herself.

She moaned with discomfort everytime the bus hit a curb and leaked into her panties even more.

Status

: Bladder

:925ml/800

(Leaked 30ml)

When they arrived at the train station daphne rushed into the ladies toilet and stayed there for almost 10 mins. When she came out she had the most relived look on her face since the meeting started.

End

Finally finishes posting this 2018 fiction story.. took a while

