Locked In With My Teacher

Author: V.A.I.

*000*2023-02-17 20:09

Hi everyone. So uh... Turns out writing omo fictions is really fun, so I wrote another one (first one here

). I think this one' turned out a little shorter and to the point than the first one; which I think was its biggest weakness. I'm still learning though, so criticism is appreciated. Lastly, I might write a part two based on the feedback. Enjoy.

#

Hi. My name's Ocean, and I'd like to tell you guys about one of the most memorable events of my high school life involving me and one of my teachers. Here we go.

Most people I know seem to consider high school as one of the best periods of their lives. I can see where they're coming from; it's our last chance to have some fun before the stress of life inevitably comes crashing down on us, but my high school life was generally pretty uneventful. My grades were good, but as an introvert with basically no friends, I was constantly bored. One thing I always looked forward to, however, was the club activities. I used to be a real jack of all trades when it came to my hobbies, so a lot of different clubs would also appreciate my participation and efforts.

My favorite was definitely the theater club, which was mainly responsible for preparing and presenting historical plays, small-scale oratorios, musicals and things alike to be performed in front of the school during special holidays.

In addition to me and a small group of other faithful students, perhaps the most dedicated person in the club was our literature teacher, Miss Keller. She was the headteacher of the club, and was responsible for everything from directing the plays to choosing what roles each of us would play and a lot more. Not many students liked her, as her demeanor could come off as a little too strict, even harsh at times, but she was really good at her job and that alone made her invaluable in my eyes. I myself did not particularly like working with her, but she had my utmost respect for her determination regardless.

Anyway, the school had asked us to perform a historical play for the national independence day. A week before the day, me and the rest of the club were staying in after school to rehearse, Miss Keller included. I remember she acted particularly irritated that day, but I thought it was understandable given her personality and the fact that the day of the show was getting near.

I was rehearsing lines with a few other members in the theater room as I heard the sound of Miss Keller's high heels approach closer. She entered shortly after with a large cup of coffee in her hand.

“Places everyone, places, we don't have much time.“ she ordered us immediately as she took her seat. We took our places immediately. Miss Keller took a look at the stage and paused abruptly.

“Wait... where are all the stage decorations? Who here was in charge of them?“

I was, but she had never told me to have them ready for today, so I had assumed we would just rehearse without them.

“It's me, Miss,” I stepped forward. “Buy they're locked in the storage room in the basement of the gym building, and our P.E. teacher Mrs. Monroe has the only key, so...“

“So..?“ she interrupted me. “Go get the key from her and get everything in here right now.“

“Umm... Her last class ended a few minutes ago, so she's probably on her way home by now,“ I answered. Miss Keller sighed deeply and shook her head in disappointment before taking out her phone and calling the P.E. teacher.

“Ocean, come with me to the gym building. Mrs. Monroe is on her way back; we'll meet her there. Rest of you, keep practicing lines and DON'T go anywhere until I get back, understood?“ Miss Keller told everyone with a firm tone, before grabbing her cup of coffee and gesturing me to follow her to the gym.

As she walked in front of me, I got to take a good look at her outfit; I always admired her her sense of fashion. On that day, she had the most fabulous grey suit skirt-blazer combination with a white blouse, complimented by transparent stockings and black high-heels, with just enough makeup and accessories to accentuate her natural beauty. The clicking of her heels echoing in the empty corridors, combined with her gorgeous figure for her age, was almost hypnotizing to watch. I only hoped she would keep sipping her coffee on the way instead of turning around, so I could watch and appreciate her beauty all the way to there, and she did just that. She threw the empty cup in a trashcan as we went down the stairs to the basement of the gym building. Mrs. Monroe was waiting in front of the door with her arms crossed and tapping her feet with an impatient expression in her face.

"Thanks Beth," Miss Keller smiled at the woman as she took the key. "Sorry for bringing you all the way back here...

"Yeah, I was halfway home already..." Mrs. Monroe remarked in disappointment. "Just hurry up."

"You don't have to wait for us, we might take a while..." Miss Keller suggested before unlocking the door and giving the key back to her. "Here you go."

"Alright then, just make sure you don't accidentally close the door behind you; the door is broken and won't open from the inside without a key, and I really wouldn't want to come all the way back for a second time." She took the key back and made her way upstairs. "See you tomorrow, Diane."

"We'll keep that in mind, Mrs. Monroe," I answered since Miss Keller had already stepped into the storage room to look for the decorations. "Have a nice day."

"You too, Ocean."

And thus, we started gathering up the things needed for the stage. Miss Keller was like a kid at the candy store; running from one corner of the room to the other excitedly, grabbing all kinds of stage equipment and piling them up next to the door. That enthusiasm, dedication and focus on the task at hand was precisely why I liked working with her. That dedication would always show up in the results of her work too; the plays we performed would always be met with a big wave of applause.

I got woken up from my long stare of admiration with a strong wind on my back, followed by a loud bang coming from behind. Me and Mrs. Keller jumped and turned back to look, startled by the sound, to see that the door had now closed behind us. Both of us let out an almost simultaneous "Oh no."

"Ocean, I told you to put something in front of the door so it wouldn't shut, weren't you listening?"

"I did, Miss, but it must have been too light..." I was sure she didn't actually tell me to do anything, but I had still put a box in between the door and its frame. It was now nowhere to be seen though, so I assumed it must have been swept away by the momentum of the door and was now outside.

I ran up to the door and tried opening it with all my strength, but just like Mrs. Monroe warned us, it wouldn't budge an inch.

"We can't waste our time here..." Miss Keller shook her head an sighed. "Ocean, do you have your phone with you? Mine's in my purse upstairs; call one of your friends and tell them to find and bring back Mrs. Monroe before she's on her way back home."

I pulled out my phone from my pocket, but as I had suspected, I saw a "no signal" sign in the corner of my screen. We were technically two floors underground, after all. I shook my head.

"I can't get a signal..."

"You can't be serious right now..." Miss Keller mumbled under her breath as she hastily walked towards the door. "Hello? Anybody out there?" she yelled through the small keyhole as she lightly banged on the door. No answer.

"Well, somebody from the club should eventually notice us gone, right? They know we'd be down here too," I tried looking things on the bright side. "I guess we'll just have to wait..."

"I guess so..." Miss Keller answered with another deep sigh. I pulled out two chairs from under the pile of decorations and gym equipment and we sat down and started waiting; with me mostly on my phone trying to pass the time, and Miss Keller crossing her arms and impatiently tapping her fingers, looking around to find something to distract herself.

In the next fifteen minutes or so, I had noticed Miss Keller starting to get increasingly restless. It was a simple leg cross first. And then her finger tapping became more frequent. A small shift of her butt in her seat here, a little rubbing of her thighs there. I didn't mind any of it all that much; after all, there was nothing much to do in here while we waited, and most of anyone, let alone a woman as hot-blooded as Miss Keller, would naturally feel impatient.

After a few more minutes of the same shifting and shuffling around, Miss Keller stood up from her seat and started pacing up and down the room, with her arms still crossed in front of her. The sound of her heels were like the ticking of a clock in the silence of the empty storage room, almost hypnotizing.

I don't usually like small talk, but this time, I felt like breaking the silence, in an attempt to pass the time a little.

“Everyone sure is taking too long to notice we are still gone, aren't they..?“ I tried easing the tension in the air with a hearty smile.

“Yeah...“ Miss Keller answered without turning around.

“Well, you did technically tell them to not leave for anywhere until you have returned; but still, maybe someone should have checked by now.“

"Yes, they really should have..." she answered through her teeth as she stopped her pacing. She leaned back against the wall and stood with her legs and arms crossed. "Ocean, could you check if your phone has signal again..?"

"Still no luck, I'm afraid..."

At that point, the shift on her voice and expression from restless to downright anxious had caught my attention. Could she be cold? Maybe she was claustrophobic?

Or maybe she had to use the bathroom?

You know... that actually sounded rather plausible. Come to think of it, I had never seen Miss Keller without a coffee cup in her hand, and today was no exception. Hey, didn't she even have a large empty cup in her hand right before we were locked in here?

Anyway, we spent the next ten or fifteen minutes chatting about random stuff, but I could tell she was getting increasingly distracted because of what I presumed to be a rapidly filling bladder, and I was getting distracted from watching her silent struggle with great interest.

I could have just let her be until someone eventually found us, but part of me just couldn't help it. I wanted to both confirm my suspicion and to have a grown woman admit to her need in front of me. I know. I'm ashamed of it too.

"Umm, are you alright, Miss?" I asked her with my most innocent expression. "You seem a little restless..."

"Well duh," She turned to me in disappointment, but I could have sworn I saw an ever so subtle hint of embarrassment in her eyes. "We've been stuck here for almost half an hour; that's precious time we could have spent rehearsing."

"Right..."

Something told me that wasn't the real reason, and her body language confirmed it even more as she stopped pacing to take a seat and double-cross her legs even tighter than before. But this time, she was also lightly tapping her feet. Every time she shifted her position, I could see her looking at me discreetly to make sure I wouldn't notice.

But of course I did.

Time kept passing with still no help in sight; with Miss Keller's restlessness and nervous sighs becoming more frequent with each second. Despite her best efforts to hide her predicament, the signs had now become a lot more obvious; with her body leaning forward every now and then, and rocking back and forth in the chair when it wasn't. I secretly wondered if it would ever get so bad that she would have no choice but to openly admit to her need; but other than that, I had no intention of making it harder than it already was for her; so I decided to check my phone signal again—still no luck.

"I still can't get a signal..." I sighed in slightly faked disappointment. Miss Keller somewhat panicked as she saw me directly looking at her, and did her best to regain her composure and stop her fidgeting. She did so somewhat successfully, yet she was now sitting very tensely and her legs were trembling form being clenched so tightly. She gave a slight nod and averted her gaze, secretly hoping I would look anywhere else but her. As I pretended to turn my attention elsewhere, I saw her immediately continue to fidget around with increased intensity to regain the control lost from having to sit still for a bit.

I turned my back on her to give her some breathing room, walked over to the door and banged on it.

"Helloooo..." I yelled through the keyhole. "Is anybody there..?"

Miss Keller leaned forward towards the door and looked at me while she held still in expectation; hoping some passerby would notice and come down to check, a janitor or a wandering student perhaps. But there was no answer. I faintly heard her mumble "Fuck..." under her breath, before continuing to fidget and rock back and forth.

"Miss Keller, are you sure you're alright..?" I asked her once again. I was expecting her to go back to her tense-but-still pose once again; but this time, she did not—or could not— stop wiggling her butt and rubbing her thighs. It must have been getting real difficult if her urge was at the point where she couldn't stop squirming in front of one of her students as a teacher. It was starting to get rather exciting. "Do you need anything..?"

"No, Ocean; I'm alright, thanks..." She tried reassuring me. "Though I would really prefer if we could get out of here soon; we've got plenty of work to do..."

Yeah right, work is definitely the reason you want to get out.

"Yeah," I nodded. "Are you cold? There should be a few jackets over there from the basketball team; I could find one for you if you'd like," I suggested as I pretended I was only now noticing her squirming, and not from the beginning.

"I'm fine," She denied her increasingly obvious predicament at first.

"Are you sure?" I don't know what came over me, but I kept looking at her as if I was expecting an explanation. I prepared myself for a scolding.

"I said I'm fine, Ocean." She answered with a firm tone, but I could see her debate for a few seconds whether to come clean or not. "I suppose I could use a trip to the ladies' room, but it's alright."

"Oh, umm..." I tried my best to hide my excitement upon hearing those words as Miss Keller blushed visibly in embarrassment. "Somebody will notice we're gone sooner or later, right? I'm sure they won't be long," I added with a comforting smile.

"I certainly hope so..." Miss Keller answered with a nervous smile of her own. I wasn't sure if I should have struck up a conversation to pass the time, or leave her be so she could focus on her efforts of holding. I decided to go with the latter and kept myself busy on my phone instead. Minutes passed as silence filled the room; occasionally broken by Miss Keller's constant shuffling around, fidgeting and nervous sighs.

Twenty minutes later and still with no help in sight, I was starting to get bored myself. My phone didn't have much battery left; so I had to put it away and only check it every few minutes to see if I could get a signal. That left me with only one source of entertainment; watching my literature teacher fight a valiant battle against the inevitable call of nature. It looked like she was losing however; as her fidgeting had now turned into an almost constant crossing and uncrossing of her legs, only interrupted by the occasional wiggling of her butt or a shift in her position. Her hands were also tightly pressed onto her lap over her skirt, wishing they could just slide through her skirt and aid her in keeping the gates shut.

"Ocean..." Miss Keller's voice was starting to shake considerably. "Do you still have no service on your phone..?"

"I'm afraid not, Miss..." I answered, which got an audible groan out of her.

"And the door still isn't working..?"

Of course it wasn't working; there had been no changes in our situation since the door closed behind us; she couldn't be expecting the lock to magically fix itself after all. I felt like that question just showed how dire her situation must have been, as she started to realize holding it in until somebody finds us may not have been possible and was now looking for other solutions to relieve herself. I went to try the door again anyway, but the result was the same.

"Still locked..."

She gave a nervous nod, and instead of continuing to sit and squirm, she stood up and began pacing up and down the room once again, albeit much faster this time. A few steps, a pause, leg cross, a few hops from foot to foot, knees rubbing together... Nothing seemed to be working. She and I both knew there was one and only one solution for relief; to empty her bladder before her body chose to do it involuntarily. She must have realized she was running out of options as she started looking around the room.

"Looking for something, Miss?"

"No, not really; just looking for something to pass the time," she answered; but obviously, that was a lie. I knew full well she was looking for something to empty her bladder into, in case things got to that point.

I also instinctively looked around, but all I could see was classic storage equipment, a few chairs, a pile of stage decorations, some basketball equipment...

Wait, basketball! That's it!

"Miss Keller," I chimed in excitement.

"It's really not a good time, Ocean..." Miss Keller replied all the while continuing her pee dance.

"No, I just remembered; today's Tuesday, which means the basketball team will soon be here for training." Her eyes lit up. "And they most certainly would have a key; since all their training equipment's stored here." I gestured around the room.

"Oh thank god..." she sighed in relief. "What time do they begin?"

"Let me check..." I looked at my phone. "They should be starting at around 4:00 p.m., so about half an hour."

"Oh no..." Miss Keller mumbled under her breath as her shoulders dropped. "So just another thirty minutes and I can pe—I mean we can finally get out, right..?"

Nice save Miss Keller, nice save.

"I would say so, yeah."

"Okay..." She whispered to herself with a deep sigh before sitting back down. But instead of crossing her legs or rubbing her thighs together, she took one of her high heels off. She folded her leg underneath her butt, sat directly on top of her heel and kept wriggling and squirming in that position.

Her newfound holding method only seemed to be effective for a little less than fifteen minutes, however, as she suddenly stood up and went back to a much more frantic pee dance. She could not stand still for a second; she kept walking around the room with small but quick steps almost constantly, aside from a few times where she would stop, tightly press her thighs together while bouncing up and down before resuming.

"Ocean... How much time until they arrive?" Miss Keller asked, almost with a begging tone; as if I could do anything to make help come faster.

"Another fifteen minutes, Miss," I replied after checking my phone. "But somebody should come a few minutes earlier to grab the equipment if I'm not mistaken."

You're doing great, Miss Keller; don't give up.

"No, I can't—" Miss Keller lifted up her skirt and tightly squeezed her crotch over her underwear with one hand; while frantically rummaging through the stuff in the storage room to presumably find something to relieve herself in.

"Miss, don't tell me you're—"

I froze in shock as she pulled out a large empty water bottle and opened it up while continuing her frantic pee dance. I could see she had mere seconds left; as she was too desperate to even mind the embarrassment of being watched by one of her students. She gave me a quick look.

"Ocean, don't look—"

I turned my back on her to give her some much needed privacy, but I saw her pull down her pantyhose and underwear with one hand, while having the other firmly glued to her peehole in the corner of my eye. Not even a second later, I heard a loud hiss followed by the sound of her impressive stream hitting the bottle. I swear if I wasn't there to see it myself, I could have sworn somebody had left a garden hose on somewhere.

She must have peed for at least a good minute or so, before I heard the stream slowly die down into a trickle, and eventually stop as I heard Miss Keller give a deep sigh of relief. Honestly, I had no idea what to do or say—it's not every day that you see one of your teachers almost piss themselves only to barely make it to a bottle, after all— so I just stood there and waited for Miss Keller to catch her breath, pull her panties back up and put her skirt down, barely seeing anything out of the corner of my eye.

I'm certain I've never experienced a more awkward moment in my entire life.

"Ocean..." Miss Keller would be the one to break the silence. "If you tell anyone about about this—"

"Don't worry Miss," I assured her. "If anyone asks, we just rehearsed some lines to pass the time; nothing else happened."

"Thank you..."

"Though you might want to... *ahem*... hide the evidence." I pointed at the bottle filled with Miss Keller's crystal clear urine.

"Right..." Miss Keller averted her gaze as her cheeks flushed. She took the bottle almost filled to the brim, and put it in her purse.

A few minutes later, I've heard the faint echoes of someone walking down the stairs towards the storage room. I stood up in excitement and walked to the door.

"Hello..." I yelled as I gestured Miss Keller towards the door. She also stood up. "...is someone there..?"

I heard the footsteps get quicker, followed shortly after by the sound of keys jingling and a second later, the door opened. We were greeted by a disappointed Mrs. Monroe.

"You closed the door behind you, didn't you?" Mrs. Monroe asked with her arms crossed, with a textbook expression of 'I told you so' written all over her face.

"Yeah," I replied. "Sorry..."

"Don't apologize to me; I wasn't the one getting stuck down here," She looked at Miss Keller staring at the ground behind me. "You alright, Diane?"

"Yeah, I'm fine." Miss Keller went back to her usual uncaring demeanor; as if she wasn't the one who almost completely embarrassed herself mere minutes ago. It was quite impressive. "I'd like to get out of here, though; I've got students waiting for me."

"Alright then. Sorry for the door still, I suppose. I'll see you around." Mrs. Monroe walked past us and started grabbing the training equipment.

Me and Miss Keller walked up the stairs and finally got outside, with the evening sunlight hitting our eyes. Miss Keller turned to me as we walked.

"Ocean, could you please tell the other students they can go home for today?" She seemed tired; rather understandably. "We'll continue the rehearsals tomorrow."

"Of course," I replied.

"And umm..."

"Don't worry, Miss," I gave her a warm smile. "I won't tell anybody."

"Thanks, I'll see you tomorrow." She returned my smile and headed for the parking lot.

I walked towards the school building, with my hands in my pockets and a stupid unexplainable smirk on my face.

Of course I wouldn't tell anyone. That precious memory would be mine, and mine alone, to enjoy for the rest of my life.

THE END

*003*2023-02-18 08:29

{{3 hours ago, wether said:

Very good story! I can't stop thinking how much capacity the bottle had.

}}

Thank you! I'll leave that part to the reader's imagination 😜

*005*2023-02-18 20:16

{{1 hour ago, pguy69 said:

Great story! Really enjoyed it, I can't wait to read what you have in store next!

}}

Thank you!

