A Forgotten Past

Author: Valeri night

*000*2018-07-29 23:22

Helloooooooooooo friends, This is a story that I have been working on for a while now that I have decided to start today. This is only part one but it takes me a little bit to write each part so I'm sorry If each part takes a while to post. Without further wait here you are, I hope you enjoy it ^_^

It’s hot and my head hurts I think to myself, listening to the sounds of the waves crashing against the sand. Wait sand, waves? Am I on a beach? Straining to open my eyes I look around at all the sand around me, Struggling I lift myself up and weakly crawl up the sand dune to get a better look at the area around me.

Having my eyes now adjusted to the bright summer light I sit up and look across the beach, I listen to the seagulls flying above me and take a moment to adjust to my situation.

Let’s see, I ponder to myself, last I remember I was on a boat but my memory is really fuzzy right now. I can’t seem to remember anything about it, or how I got here.

Sighing I down at myself seeing my clothing in tatters, the once elegant looking dress I was wearing was ripped and mangled from the ocean waters with course sand still on it.

“Huh what's that?” Dusting off some of the sand I stand up and walk over to a box that washed up on the beach with me.

Oh it’s nailed shut… Ah here we go a well placed sharp rock to pry open this conveniently placed crate. Shoving the rock into a slit on the top of the box I use all my strength and snap the lid of the crate.

Peering inside the crate It looks like most of the things inside are wet and useless, but I see a sealed case inside as well as a slightly damp set of clothing that isn’t as worn down as my dress is. I pull everything I can use out of the box and end up with decent amount of survival supplies that I can use. Lets see here I’ve got a full canteen, (pure luck I’m sure) three healing potions, that sealed case I found and a set of clothes.

Deciding that it was best do change out of my ripped and messed up clothes first, quickly taking a look around me to make sure that no one is looking I start to take me dress off. Even though I know there is no one around I still blush as I pull off my dress, Slipping the blue skirt I found over my plain white panties. Not wanting to have my matching white bra exposed for long I take the white blouse and slip that on as well.

Hmm it’s still a little damp, and my blouse Is somewhat see through right now I think to myself as I feel my blouse and skirt up and check myself out. “Well this feels a little better” I say out loud now dressed in my cute new outfit, taking a sip of the canteen I drop down and look at the sealed case in front of me.

The case it self is pretty heavy and cold to the touch, unsealing the locks I slowly open the case peeking inside I see what looks to be a silver pointy sword, “whats is this? a saber?” I think out loud.

Picking it up I notice that it feels nicely balanced and the weight feels evenly distributed, huh it is pretty though. Deciding that It's worth to hold on to the saber I reach into the case again and pull out a black book, opening the mysterious book I skim over the pages. “They're all blank” I matter of factly say out loud.

“Whatever I guess I’ll just take it all” Gathering up all my supplies I pack them into a makeshift sack and start to walk away from the beach and towards the thicket behind me.

“Hmm this thicket looks kinda thick” Taking another sip of water from my canteen I peer through the leaves and trees and start to second think going into this forest area.

Deciding that I’m not gonna to get far sitting on this beach I start to push into the trees and bushes making my way slowly forward.

It’s so hot, I think to myself taking another sip from my now half empty canteen, panting I continue forward into the endless green in front of me.

Moving into a slight clearing I decide to take a break in the cover of shade from all the trees around me.

“My canteen is almost empty, I’ve gotta be careful or things will go from bad to worse real quick.” In response I feel my bladder pang, putting forth its opinion with all of my other problems. “Great just what I needed” I sigh, having no idea of the last time I used the bathroom.

“Rustle, Rustle”

Looking around myself I tense up, “...What was that?” I think to myself.

“Rustle, Rustle, Rustle”

Staring at a bush in front of me I backup a little feeling myself starting to shake in fear.

“Aaaaaahhhhh” Jumping I scream out as a small creature runs out of the bush in front of me and runs away, “Stupid damn animal...” I try to calm myself down as I sit back down and close my eyes shaking my head in disappointment.

“A little far from home aren’t you little girl” A mysterious voice comes from behind me.

Quickly spinning around I look toward the voice and see a bulky man with a shaggy beard and torn clothes standing behind me. Eyeing him suspiciously I stand up and slowly back myself away from him.

“Whoa now I wouldn’t try and run away if I was you” the creepy man smiles to me. Pulling out a knife he slowly moves towards me. Seeing my eyes go wide he grins “Don’t worry as long as you do what I ask you’ll be just fine.”

Fear rising inside of me I stumble backwards and fall over landing on my bum, spilling my bag in the process. Looking over at my spilled stuff I see the saber sticking out of the bag, quickly grabbing it I point it at the creepy man. My hands shaking from fear of what might happen.

“Oh what a cute little needle you’ve got there” the man laughs “What are you gonna do poke me to death?”

Forcing myself to stand I Shake off his insults and try to relax my breathing. Calm down it’ll be okay I try to convince myself, feeling my body naturally move into a defensive stance with the saber.

The man lunges forward swinging the knife towards me, I feel my body tense up in fear and a squirt escapes my body. The feeling wakes me up and at the last second I dodge to the left and stumble out of the way. Reposiniting myself I realize that If i’m not careful I could get seriously hurt or even worse I could die.

Taking a deep breath I watch his movement and wait for him to rush me again, “Hmph you got lucky the first time but now you’re mine” he exclaims

Watching him I wait standing still while he charges clumsily towards me, taking the opportunity I duck to the right of his slash and counter with a quick stab to his leg.

“Ughgh” The man groans grabbing the stab wound in his leg “that hurt you bitch!”

Showing no hesitation I lunge forward and stab his arm twice in quick succession while he is distracted with his injury. Jumping back I stand tall in my defensive stance and smile, happy with my ability so far.

“Listen here you” the man panting said to me, “you’ve won this time but next time we meet I’ll get you back for what you’ve done here.” The man quickly sprints through the tree’s running away dripping blood as he leaves.

Sighing I drop my guard and quickly move one hand to my crotch quietly holding myself while crossing my legs, slowly putting my saber back into my bag.

Waah I really need to pee now I think to myself, All that water and that entire fight made me really need to go. Well I might as well follow that guy, he might of ran away toward a town or something “Grumble Grumble” and I’m pretty hungry to be honest.

Moving forward in the direction that the creepy man went I push on, it feels like hours go by and the pressure in my bladder increases dramatically.

Pushing into a clearing I see a forestry town with a bunch of small buildings and what looks to be a small Inn in the distance. Stopping for a moment I cross my legs and bounce up and down while holding myself to help relieve the pressure.

“God I gotta go so bad” I say outloud to myself. If I’m quick I should be able to make it.

Running down the hill towards the inn I feel myself starting to lose control over my bladder. At first It was just enough pressure to make me slow down and hold myself for a second, but it got worse and as I was walking into the town center I felt a light leak come out into my panties, forcing my face to flush bright red.

Looking around there wasn’t to many people in the town, most being inside due to how late it had gotten. Not to mention it wasn’t to big of a town, only about five or six buildings besides the Inn in the center.

Using both hands to hold myself I slowly walk up to the door of the Inn, thanking god that nobody was outside to see me like this.

Taking my hands out of my crotch I slowly walk into the Inn, I feel the eyes of everyone inside looking at me as I walk inside. Realizing that I probably looked worse for ware I look away and walk towards the bar keep to ask where the bathroom is.

“What could I do for you miss” He asks me nonchalantly not even bothering to look up from his glass that he is polishing.

Blushing I shift my legs back and forth and reply “Um where is the bathroom”

Looking up the barkeep eyes me up, cocking his head he motions to a corner of the Inn.

Quietly I say back “Cheers” Quickly I rush to the corner of the Inn all the while blushing and trying not to lose it being this close to relief.

Slamming open the girls bathroom door I rush inside just as another longer leak comes out and drips onto my leg, letting out an audible “Eek” I run up to the single stall and pull it open.

“Sorry I’ll be out in just a minute” I hear come from the door.

My eyes go wide and my jaw drops, Oh god no I’m so close and I’ve gotta pee so bad I think to myself, looking around in desperation for anything to help me in this situation.

Pacing back and forth I hear the toilet flush in the stall in front of me, my bladder screams out in pain and I’m forced to use both hands to hold myself and double cross my legs. Slamming on the stall door I beg the girl to let me in.

“Just a minute I gotta wash my hands” She replies back

Hearing the water turn on drives me over the edge and I shove one hand in my crotch while keeping the other on the stall door, I feel a stream start spurting out of me and I feel my panties get soaked in response.

Letting out a groan I mumble under my breath “I can’t stop it” feeling my pee splash onto my crossed legs.

I manage to cut off the stream for a few seconds just as the lock on the bathroom door opens up. Being unbalanced from putting most of my weight on the door, I fall forward a little bit towards the girl. Not wanting to fall into her I try to catch myself on the side of the door with my hands.

I soon find out that that was a mistake. While I did manage to stop myself from falling, I was forced to take my hand out of my crotch, allowing the full pressure from my bladder to release.

Letting out a audible yelp I attempt to stop the flow, but I’m much too late. I stand perfectly still both hands holding myself through my skirt feeling the warmth of the pee wash over my legs and flow into the boots I was wearing. Closing my eyes I can’t help but let out a moan and smile from the pleasure off letting it all out. I count the seconds as I stand there letting my pee flow all over myself till the stream cuts off and the last of my pee dribbles out.

“Well you certainly looked like you enjoyed yourself”

Opening my eyes wide I remember the girl in front of me, Blushing I stammer “I-I’m so sorry you had to see that, This is so embarrassing.” I start to tear up from shame and drop my head.

“Aw it’s okay, It is kinda my fault I took my time in the bathroom while you were out here dying of desperation.” She smiles and pats my head. “Here I’ll tell you what, I own a clothing shop not to far from here.”

“How about I go ahead and get you a fresh set of clothes for you.”

Looking up at her I sniffle, “Okay that seems fine” Getting up I inspect the damage of my clothes. The skirt has a very distinctive wet spot from where I was holding myself and my legs still have pee dripping off of them and into my boots and very wet socks.

“Alrighty then follow me” the girl motions to me walking out the door.

Taking a couple steps I hear the squishing sound my boots make as i walk out the door of the bathroom and into the open area of the Inn. Everyone again turns and looks at me as I closely follow behind the girl from the bathroom.

Blushing hard I hear people drinking whisper about my wet skirt, Hanging my head I try to ignore crude remarks coming from everyone around me.

Opon walking outside into the darkness the girl turns and looks at me. “By the way my name's Velvet”

I give her a slight smile and respond “my name is…” What is my name, I think to myself. “You know I don’t actually know what my name is” I respond honestly “I just kinda washed up on the beach earlier today and I can't seem to remember anything.”

“Oh you poor thing, well I hope we can fix that problem of yours soon.” Velvet smiles and leads me up to her house.

“By all means you first” pushing me into her home I walk inside. Looking around I see the inside looks like a clothing shop, with racks of shirts, shorts, shoes, ect.

Showing me to the back of the shop Velvet tells me “stay here for a second I’ll get you some new clothes to relax in.

I stand awkwardly in this new place waiting for her to get back, I look at her little home inside her shop and see a cramped kitchen dining room area and small area with a couch and end table next to it. “It’s pretty cozy” I say to myself

“Here you all love”

Looking over i see Velvet carrying a ruby red velvet dress to sleep in. “Wow that looks so comfy” I say wide eyed.

“Of course it is darling It’s a family tradition to have the best quality clothing no matter the cost.” Beaming with pride she hands me the dress and starts to walk away.

“Um Velvet quick question.”

“What is it?” she asks looking over at me.

“Well you see I’ve got the dress but… My other clothes are all wet soooo.”

“Oh don’t worry about that honey, I’ll wash all of your wet clothes for you just leave them in a pile and I’ll take care of it.” Velvet replies to me as she walks into her room.

“Bu-but my panties…” I try to get out but she ignores me. *Sigh* I guess I’ll just take them off for now and ask her when she comes back out.

Moving to the side of the couch I take off my wet socks and boots and lay them on the wooden floor. I then start to strip off my top and wet bottoms, standing in just my wet panties and bra I debate on whether I want to wear my bra to sleep. Just before I take it off i hear the door behind me opening up.

Veeeeelvet! I scream out, covering my chest and crotch.

“Ohmygod” Velvet giggles. “I thought you would be using the bathroom she laughs turning back into her room and shutting the door.

Blushing I quickly strip off my bra and wet panties and stack them on my other clothes. I feel my body getting hot from being completely naked in some strangers house, but I shake off the strange feeling and rush to put the red dress on.

The dress itself feels wonderful to the touch and I do a little spin in happiness. Walking over to Velvet’s room i knock on the door and let her know that i’m all done changing.

Peeking her head out she looks at me still giggling. I roll my eyes at her and huff, walking back over to the couch I sit down.

“Is this everything?” shes asks picking up my wet clothes.

“Yes and is there any chance that I could get a fresh pair of panties” I ask blushing slightly.

“Hehe I already gave you a pretty expensive dress, and now you’re asking me for panties too?”

“I don’t mind getting you a pair but I doubt you have any money now do you?”

Sighing I reply “no I don’t”

“That’s what I thought” Velvet smiles, “by the way if you need to use the bathroom anytime tonight the bathroom’s over in that corner there.”

Looking over to where she pointed at I nod my head and ask “Are you going to sleep now?”

“Yes huh I’ve gotta wake up early so you just lay here and i’ll take care of everything while you get some rest.” Moving to her room she opens the door and smiles to me, “Have a goodnight, oh by the way if you’re hungry there is some food in the kitchen you can have.”

In response my stomach growls and I get up to see what food she has in stock. Looking through the pantry I grab some cookies and sit on the couch munching on them happily. Setting up my makeshift bed I think about the entire day that I just had, What an adventure I think to myself.

I move over to my bag and take out my saber that I found, giving it a thorough check I notice that the saber has bright red ruby’s lined in the hilt of it. This saber might actually be pretty expensive I think to myself, I really like it though it feels really natural to use.

Picking up the blank book I brought with me I open it up. “Oh what's this?” I say out loud noticing the blank pages now had words on some of them, but the words were too faded to read. “Well that's weird I mutter to myself I could've sworn there were no words in this book when I found it.

Shaking my head I put the saber and book back into my bag and lay down. Feeling the velvet dress on my skin I smile from how comfortable I am and close my eyes. I feel a little weird not wearing any panties to sleep, but the dress feels nice so I let myself doze off into a deep slumber.

*003*2018-07-30 19:27

{{15 hours ago, Melificentfan said:

I'm so loving this story

}}

{{12 hours ago, Axnar said:

Definitely an interesting take on a story, I really liked it!

}}

I'm so happy that that you all enjoyed the story ^_^

*004*2018-08-16 16:36

Okay so this took much longer than It should of soooo I spent all night finishing it to try and make up with how late I am. I do want to mention that I added a decent amount of filler before any omo so if you want to skip that and get right to the action I put a bold sentence toward the middle of the passage that you can skip down too. Well anyways I hope you still enjoy even though I'm pretty tired while I wrote most of this ^_^

*Cough* *cough* What’s with all this black smoke. It’s so dark, and It's getting hard to breath. Where’s the door I need to get out of here, I struggle to get out but my vision starts to fade. Coughing I fall down unconscious.

“Waaah!” screaming I wake up sweating. Oh it was just a dream or more like a nightmare I guess… trailing off I look around and notice that Velvet isn’t home, It seems I’m the only one home right now.

Standing up I wobble a little bit and use the couch to steady myself, my body is still a little worse for wear still. Sighing I slowly walk toward the bathroom, opening the door I walk inside and turn on the light. Seeing my reflection for the first time, “Yikes I do look like a mess” I say out loud. Checking myself out I see my slightly mangled long black hair on top of my cute younger looking face. At least I’m not an old lady I smile to myself. Taking off my dress and hanging it on the side of the counter. Frowning I see my slightly smaller than average chest and pout a little bit, “why can’t mine be like Velvet’s. Turning around I look at my tone, slim body that makes my bottom look bigger than it really is, not that I’m complaining. (I’ve gotta have some sex appeal right?)

Turning on the shower I wait for the water to get hot and use this time to relieve myself on the toilet before hopping in.

Lathering myself up with soap and shampoo I enjoy myself and the feeling of the warmth that comes out of the shower. Taking my time I spend a while in the shower only stopping when my skin started to prune up.

Hopping out of the shower I look around for a towel to dry my soaking wet body off. It takes me a minute but I find the towel in a small closet and start to dry myself off. Once my body was dry I wrap the towel around my head, and slip the velvet red dress back on.

Walking back towards the kitchen area my tummy grumbles, “Might as well make some food” I say to myself

Finding myself some noodlies I boil up some water and make some food to eat, sitting down at the table I take my meal and relax for a little bit enjoying my somewhat normal afternoon for the time being. While I’m eating Velvet gets back from wherever she was and greets me “hey how are you feeling?”

Smiling I respond back positively “I feel pretty good, my head hurts a little but that's all.”

“Well that’s good to hear”

“by the way I have your clothes all washed up and ready to go if you want to change.”

“Oh that's great” I respond taking my outfit from Velvet.

“I could use your assistance today if you don’t mind” Velvet mentions to me as she walks past me and into her room.

“What do you need?” I ask sitting up and looking over the couch.

“Well there have been reports of bandits in the forest, and I could use some help while I collect silk.”

“Ah! bandits I ran into one of them the other day when I was lost in the forest.”

“Did you now?”

“Interesting, well good thing you made it out okay.”

“It makes me feel better knowing you can handle yourself” she laughs.

Jumping off the couch I grab my clothes and run into the bathroom to change back into my blue skirt and white blouse, making sure to slip on my white panties and matching bra. Happy to have on panties again I walk out of the bathroom and grab my bag.

“Ready when youuuuu are Velvet” I sing out into her room.

Velvet walks out of her room dressed in a pair of long woad green pants, and a two tone woad green and brown rippled longsleeve blouse. Finished off with a pair of matching brown gloves and knee high boots. On her back there was a longbow and a quiver of arrows to go with it.

Whistling I compliment her “Wow you look really good in that”

“Hmph please this is my hunting gear, You should always let your clothing define what you’re doing.”

“So what are we hunting…?” I ask confused.

“Silly girl lets walk and talk, I shall explain everything on the way.”

As we walk through the small town, she tells me how the forest contains rare silk worms that allow her to make some of the most pristine velvet in the country. Not to mention she adds that sometimes she comes across great elk whos antlers can be shaved down and harvested in order to make greater quantities of velvet at one time.

Laughing I respond back with “Huh the more you know right?”

“Let's stop here for a moment Velvet mentions to me”, pulling out a canteen and filling it up at the well we stopped next too.

Taking my canteen out of my bag I refill mine as well, taking a sip before making sure that It was full.

Following Velvet into the forest we struggle past overgrown bushes and low hanging vines, every once and awhile stopping so Velvet can harvest silk and put it into her bag. About two hours into the exhibition Velvet stops and turns to me.

“This should be enough for today, let's take a short break then head back to the town.

Nodding my head in reply we sit down and sip some water relaxing in the shade of the trees. We chat for a little bit talking about random things like the weather and the clouds when Velvet stops suddenly and tilts her head.

“What is it?” I ask.

“Shhh” Is all I get in responce

Drawing her bow Velvet crouches down and notches an arrow, eyes staring directly at a bush in front of us.

Not sure what to do, I follow suit and pull my saber out of my bag mentally preparing myself for a fight.

All of a sudden a giant elk jumps over the bush and hops through our clearing.

“Watch out!” Velvet screams at me pushing me out of the way as the elk jumps over my head.

“Jeez what was wrong with that thing” I ask hearing the beat of my heart through my chest.

Velvet who was incredibly calm for some reason takes a look around the clearing, “something or someone scared the elk”

“Someone..?” I worriedly look around picking myself up and dusting off the dirt.

A voice cuts through the thicket, “I think it went this way!”

Instinctively Velvet grabs me and pulls me into the brush behind us, “Wha-” putting one hand over my mouth she manages to stop me from making noise as a group of bandits walk into the clearing.

My body freezes up and I lay still in Velvet’s lap, not caring about my skirt that had gotten pushed up in the rush of the moment.

“Eeh where did that beast go?” one of the men ask.

“Oi you see them tracks there” another points “It must of ran off that way.”

“Well what are you two eggheads waiting for?”

“Get on after it!”

My eyes go wide, I know that voice! Doing my best at looking through the bush we were hiding in I recognize the last voice as the creepy man I ran into the other day. Seeing the cuts on the man make me smirk and I’m forced to suppress a laugh.

Watching the three men walk away from us Velvet slowly lets go of me and lets out an audible sigh. “Well that was close.”

“Yeah good thing they didn’t hear us” I reply back with a smile.

“We need to be careful now that they are out and about, running into one of them isn’t to bad but three would make things problematic.” Velvet says thinking out loud. “Worst case scenario I can cover you with my bow if they catch us,”

“none of them seemed to have anything but bladed weapons so we should be okay as long as we stay at a distance.”

Looking at Velvet I notice her legs shaking slightly, huh I guess she was more scared that I had thought I think to myself as we slowly creep back through the forest. Following behind Velvet we are forced to take our time, making sure that we were not heard or found out by the three bandits roaming the jungle with us.

“Um Velvet so on the off chance that they do find us..”

“Just run” she responds simply.

“O-okay” I quietly say back

Taking another sip from my canteen I see Velvet wince from the corner of my eye, I wonder if she feels okay. “Velvet” I whisper “It’s been almost two hours are we close at all?

“Eh at this pace we’ve got another hour” she whispers back. “Are you getting tired?”

“No not really it’s just I kinda have to pee a little bit” Blushing I look down in embarrassment, “I didn’t want to bring it up because it’s not to an emergency, but it’s been almost three hours since I last went and you know I’d rather not have a remake of last night…” I trail off.

“Don’t worry You’ll be fine,” Velvet reassures me, although the look on her face says otherwise.

Velvet puts out her arm stopping me, “Do you hear that?”

Doing my best to listen I strain my ears, but I’m unable to hear anything out of the ordinary.

“Up ahead, there is one of the bandits I don’t hear any of the others with him.”

“If we are quick about it I bet the two of us could take him out and better our odds at getting out uninjured.”

“Okay sounds good” I nervously respond, “what's the plan?”

“Listen I’ll cover you from above in the trees, I just need you to distract him.”

“Yeah I can do that” I respond.

“Okay good luck” Velvet says to me climbing the tree next to us, and disappearing through the branches.

I can do this, I can do this, I tell myself doing my best to hype myself up. Pulling out my saber I sprint towards the bandit. I see him turn and look toward me, jumping out of the bushes I surprise him, allowing me to catch him off guard and knock him to the ground.

“What th-” the man gets out as I stand above him with my saber poised to his neck.

“Don’t move a muscle” I say menacingly to the man.

“Woah now girly, let’s not be hasty now” the man responds putting one hand up.

“I said don’t move!” pointing my saber closer to his neck I stand tall and show no fear.

“Listen now if you’re not careful you’ll poke someones eye out” the man taunts

“I don’t think you’re in a position to be provoking me” I smile back letting the tip of my saber touch his neck.

The man freezes up for a moment, but then lets out a sly smile “what’re you smiling at” I demand.

“He’s probably laughing at the fact that you’ve left yourself wide open from behind.” A voice behind me says.

I quickly spin around and become face to face with another of the three bandits, the man attempts to cut me with a knife. I try to dodge but the man behind me grabs my ankle forcing me to stumble and get cut.

“Ouch!” I scream out falling to the ground, using my hands to catch myself, I feel my bladder moan from the impact with the ground but I manage to hold everything in. Grabbing my side I see blood, Crap I think to myself that was close, It’s not very deep but I’ve gotta be more careful.

Pushing myself up I face the two men “One vs two isn’t very fair don’t you think?”

“What’s not fair girl is that you snuck up behind me without word, where is the honor at?” the man I knocked over replied to me, pulling out a dagger of his own.

Well this is no good I think to myself slowly backing away from the two guys.

“Hope you’re prepared for the worst, girl” the two guys both lunge at me from opposite directions

Caught off guard I somehow manage to block one of the attackers but the other one forces me to duck and dive away from him.

“Slippery little bugger” I hear the second man grunt as I pick myself up and check for damages.

“Phew I managed to dodge both of them” I say out loud relieved. I’m getting pretty full though I think to myself, and these guys are keeping me on my toes… Where is Velvet at?

All of a sudden I hear the a quick “Phfft”

“Phifft” of arrows flying past me. I watch the arrows precisely hit the two bandits in front of me.

“Ugh”

“ouch” the two men shout out running away in fear of being pincushions, looking up I see Velvet jumping through the trees and heading over to me.

“Took you long enough” I complain.

“Well it took me longer than normal to get into position” Velvet sighs, “Listen Those two will be back soon we should get out of here while we can.”

Omo starts around here for those who skipped ^_^

Looking at Velvet I see her start to squirm in one spot giving me an idea I ask her “Veeelvet you wouldn’t by chance have to pee too do you? Seeing her blush answers my question and I laugh temporally ignoring the danger we were in.

“Just shut up and let's get out of here”

Following Velvet we quickly made our way further through the forest and were almost out and back at the town. She must really need to pee I think to myself, watching her from behind and noticing all the little details of her desperation. Like seeing her shuffle from foot to foot while we’re not moving or her little crotch grabs that she does when she thinks I’m not looking.

I take a sip of my canteen and can feel my own need increasing pretty fast.

“Phew we finally made it back”

Pushing out of the trees and bushes I see the somewhat familiar town, relieved to be back safe and sound we start to quickly walk back toward Velvets home.

About halfway back to her home I hear Velvet let out a subtle gasp

“You okay?” I ask quickly.

“Ah well yes I’m fine” she responds, picking up the pace.

Before we can manage to get into her house, Velvet gets stopped by this girl outside her store.

Listening in on there conversation I hear Velvet desperately trying to excuse herself, but the girl is being quite prestint.

Deciding to be cheeky, I run inside the house while Velvet was being held up by the girl. Going into the bathroom I lock the door and shut it from the outside, shutting the door I smile then instantly realize that I might of just made a mistake. What if she doesn't have a spare key…

Oh well too late now I laugh moving to sit on the couch.

“Jesus that girl just couldn’t wait could she.” Velvet complains walking into the living room.

“What was that about?” I ask.

“She just wanted help with something but I’ve got more important matters to deal with right now” she replies moving toward the bathroom. “What th-”

What's wrong I nonchalantly ask looking over at Velvet.

“The-the bathroom won’t open up” she said desperately, “why won’t the door budge!”

“Uh oh” I tease “Sounds like someone is really desperate to pee.

Velvet stands still and turns to look at me “you wouldn’t by chance be the reason for this would you?” she asks giving me a death stare.

I freeze up and let out a slight smile “mayyyyybe”

“Uuuugh you!” she gets out before having to stop and hold herself in front of me.

“Aw you look so cute like that” I continue teasing velvet while watching her on the couch.

“Hah It’s not funny I’m really desperate right now!” she said, slamming on the door and trying to force her way in.

Watching her struggle I start to squirm on the couch, “seeing you have to go that bad makes me need to go as well” I say to her.

“You’re not helping at all ya know, like what I am going to do?” Watching the show in front of me I do my best to not laugh as she runs around doing a frantic pee dance while looking for a place to pee. Velvet was holding herself with both hands while bouncing up and down with her legs crossed.

“Gotta pee Gotta pee” Velvet mutters to herself, pacing back and forth.

I can’t help but stare at her while she goes through the motions of being desperate, eyes glued I can’t help but feel for her being in that position the other night.

“Velvet don’t think of waterfalls or running water or anything like that” I taunt.

Velvet lets out an audible mix of words that I can’t understand, I see her run into her room and hear her rummage around. Letting curiosity get the better of me I follow her and peak into her room.

“I-IT’S GONNA COME OUT!” I hear her scream

Spotting a large potted plant I get an idea. Playfully I tell her “Why don’t you just go in that pot over there?”

I see her franticly look over at the pot I mentioned, she rushes over to the large plant and closes her eyes. Excitedly I move myself more into her room to get a better view of what was going on. I see her struggling to get her straps and buttons off her bottoms, all the while using one hand to hold herself and trying not to lose it in her pants.

Giggling I think I notice a dark spot forming on the crotch of her pants but it’s dark so I can’t tell. Velvet finally manages to remove her pants and my eyes go wide. I see her lime green panties and a obvious wet spot on them, not being able to take my eyes off her crotch I see a spurt of pee shoot out of her and hit her wooden floor.

Shrieking she moves herself over the potted plant and releases the floodgates, my jaw drops and my eyes focus on the wet spot on her panties. Watching the wet spot grow I can’t help but feel funny inside, She’s kinda cute when she is desperate I think to myself. I hear the soft patter of urine flow into the soil of the plant, at least the plant is getting plenty of water I giggle to myself. Looking toward Velvet’s face I see her face bright red and blushing, I notice her lip curl and a very faint moan escaped her lips lost in the ecstasy of the moment.

Velvet opens her eyes and looks straight at me,”You you are so dead” she pants not even bothering to clean herself up she runs at me.

I let out an “Eep” and quickly try to escape by jumping over the couch. *Pang* I feel my bladder remind me of its presence. Huh maybe locking the bathroom door wasn’t thought through all the way.

Hiding on one side of the couch I see Velvet standing on the other side of it giving me a playful yet serious death stare.

“Look it’s all over now, let's not do anything rash” I say attempting to convince her to not to do anything bad to me.

Grinning she runs around the couch at me. Freaking out I run away feeling the liquid in my bladder bounce around, running into her shop I look for a place to hide but find nothing.

“You’ve got nowhere to run now”

Slowly turning around I gulp and put raise my fists in defence, “heh it looks like I’ve got no choice”.

“You’ve left me no choice but to unleash my unbridled fury onto you via mortal combat”

Velvet doesn’t flinch and continues forward at me. “Lis-Listen now if you don’t want to get hurt you’d best be careful”. I warn Velvet.

I dodge to the side and throw out a couple weakish punches to test her ability. In my surprise Velvet not only dodges right past them but manages to grab my wrist in the process and counter attack with a swift punch to my gut.

I let out a grunt in response “Ah th-That...” I squeak out stumbling backward. Clenching my stomach I feel a quick spurt escape my bladder and I feel my panties get slightly wet. Blushing I quickly squeeze my legs together and look up in panic. I see Velvet let out a grin as she goes for another hit.

“Eep!” I manage to dodge her assault of punches but I’m forced onto the defensive, and all the while I can feel my bladder jostling inside me. I attempt to fight back but well timed and precise movements make it where I can’t do anything but protect myself and my leaking bladder.

Thank god she's only aiming for my stomach I think to myself, had this been a real fight I’d be in trouble.

“Don’t be losing attention now!” Velvet shouts at me, slamming me into a wall.

“Oof” I slump against the wall and slide down it, completely giving up.

Defeated I feel another leak escape me and I don’t even bother to try and use my hands to stop it.

“Aww where did that fiery spirit from before go?” Velvet taunts me. “Hmm? Got nothing to say? How’s this then?” Velvet moves her foot and lays it onto my stomach, a wide evil grin appears on her face as I look up eyes wide with fear.

Before I can say a word she pushes down with a light but still noticeable force and I wince almost losing control on the spot.

Giggling at finally getting a reaction out of me she pushes harder on my bladder with her foot “hows it feel now?”

“I bet those panties of yours are at least a little wet now huh?”

My face flushes red and I look away.

“Let's check shall we?” Moving her foot off my bladder I let out a sigh of relief just to feel her start to lift up my skirt. Instinctively I throw my hands down on my skirt to stop her, “Now now don’t be like that” Velvet moves her foot back to my bladder and I gasp.

Trembling I beg her not too, “Please don’t Velvet It hurts and It’ll make me pee!”

“Gooood” she purrs back to me “That’s just what you deserve after what you put me through.

“But I didn’t force you to pee yourself” I complain

Velvet glares at me “And whose fault is it that the bathroom is locked from the inside then?”

“Well mine I guess…”

“Exxxactly, so You! Put-Your-Self-In-This-Position” Velvet teased back. “Now I’ll tell you one last time, Don’t move your hands or you’ll be sitting in a puddle. She emphasised this by slightly pushing on my bladder with her foot once more.

I let out a slight grunt again and blush, but I don’t say anything or try to stop her.

“That’s a good girl” Velvet smiles as she pats me on the head.

Velvet moves her foot back from my stomach and my oversized bladder and back to my skirt. Whimpering I watch her slowly lift my skirt up, just before she exposes my panties Velvet stops. I look up at her hoping that she would have a change of heart.

“Do me a favor, when I look at your soaking wet panties here make sure you blush all nice and red for me okay?”

With that she gives me a devilish smile and in one final swoop flips my skirt up and exposes my wet panties. Blushing I think about moving my hands to cover myself, but before I can even finish my thought Velvet’s foot is back onto my stomach applying pressure to my bladder.

“Hmph I was hoping for your panties to be a little more wet than this.”

To embarrassed to respond I can only sit still while Velvet inspects my damp white panties.

“This should fix that problem real quick” Velvet says gleefully. “Gasping I feel Velvet push and a sharp pain shoots through my bladder and I let out a desperate moan.

“Velvet please not that I can’t hold it if you do that!”

“Listen” She responds back, “you know what I want just give it to me” Pushing harder into my bladder.

I let out a desperate squeal and I can’t help but feel a squirt of pee escape into my panties. I can’t help but blush a deep crimson when I hear Velvet let out a subtle giggle and remark on the growing wet spot on my panties.

“Now that's more like it” Velvet laughs at me chuckling at my misfortune. “Maybe a little harder this time.”

“Ah no i-it’s leaking out” I shout out in pain, feeling a heavy spurt come out of me.

“Ooh!” I hear Velvet shout out “You know with these panties of yours I think I can actually see through the fabric once they get soaked.

“Veeeeelvet! Don’t say anything like that, It’s embarrassing!” Although hearing her say that makes my body feel kinda hot and my face gets super red.

“Hehe, when are you gonna lose it?” Velvet teases me.

“If you keep pushing on my bladder Ima lose it any second!” I complain back.

“Perrrrrrrrrfect, In that case why don’t I just go ahead and do that right now then, I can’t stand waiting.

Slowly pushing down on my bladder Velvet watches my struggle, I let out a quiet moan under my breath “How long can I handle this” I ask myself.

“Here I’ll give you a countdown.”

“Wait what?” I ask back.

“Five”

“Four” Velvet counts down.

“Why are you counting down, what's going on?”

“Three”

“Two”

“One”

“What are you going to do?” I whisper

“Haya!” Velvet shoves her foot into my stomach squishing my bladder in the process.

I can’t help move my hands to my stomach from the sudden pain, Wincing I feel a strong splurt escape my body and shoot out of me. I try and stem the flood but I can’t and my pee flows out of me.

I gasp from the sudden warmth pooling around my legs and crotch, I can’t help but blush deep red and let out little noises of pleasure. I hear Velvet laughing at me but I block her out and enjoy the relief as long as I can. After what feels like an hour I finish wetting myself and I finally open my eyes with a big smile on my face.

My eyes make contact with Velvet as she sits right in front of me with a wide grin to match mine.

“Well you sure look like you enjoyed that” Velvet chuckles.

“I’m not gonna lie it felt good finally being able to let loose, and my body feels… different i guess I don’t know” I laugh

Velvet’s eyes go wide “Ohh you enjoyed it that much huh?”

“What do you mean?” I question

“Nothing, nothing” she responds helping me up.

“Oh goodness my skirt is completely soaked…”

“and my panties are ruined” Sighing to myself I examine my skirt and panties not caring that Velvet can see everything.

“I was right about one thing at least” Velvet cheerfully pokes at me.

“What?” I ask back

“Weeeeeell your panties” She whispers, “They are completely see through.”

I gasp and drop my wet skirt and cover myself from Velvet’s sight.

“Come on now, no need to be embarrassed.”

“I’ve already seen you practically naked so you may as well just give me your clothes now so I can wash them for you.”

“No Way! Give me something to wear first!” I demand.

“Fine fine follow me I’ll give you that dress, but you’re not getting any panties again.”

I roll my eyes but follow anyway grabbing the red velvet dress and heading to the bathroom to change.

“Oh… right, that's locked still huh?”

“Hmph serves you right” Velvet chuckles “whatcha gonna do now?”

Glaring at Velvet I start to remove my underwear until I’m only wearing my top and skirt. “Could you at least go to your room while I change?” I ask

Velvet nods and smiles telling me not to take to long.

I take off the rest of my clothes and put on the night time dress, this time keeping an eye on Velvet’s door to make sure she doesn't walk in on me. Leaving my wet clothes on a chair I move over to the couch and lay down letting out a big yawn.

“Phew you look real tired aren’t you?”

Looking over at Velvet I give her a weak smile and I pull a blanket over myself. “Yeah I’m kinda tired I think I’m gonna just head to sleep”

“Well then you have a good night we’ve got another job tomorrow so have a goodnight.”

“Gotcha” I yawn again, and start to close my eyes letting myself drift off to sleep.

*007*2018-08-18 06:01

{{On 8/16/2018 at 1:27 PM, Melificentfan said:

I Loved that it was excellent

}}

{{4 hours ago, Ghostblade913 said:

That was 10/10 really good

}}

I really appreciate that ^_^
