A Desperate Day for Rey, continuation

Author: vfbbf

*000*2017-12-23 17:04

DISCLAIMER: This is NOT made by the original creator, IT IS A CONTINUATION. Also I am not that much of a fan of nudity or descriptions of nudity. Eg. "She touched her pussy" I won't say things like that. Any lets get into it!

Rey hadn't had much time to spare recently, since she was helping the resistance, and training a little with Luke, as well as meeting up with what remaned of the resistance.

But after all the turmoil, Leia had sent her to survey planets where they could possibly build a new base. "First up...Dradil!" She took an A-wing she was given to begin surveying the planet, after an hour or two in hyperspace she landed on the planet. "Here we ar-" with gravity back in full force she now felt a strong urge to pee, not quite desperate yet, but she needed one pretty soon.

After a half hour of looking for a suitable spot to build a base on the planet her bladder has filled up alot more, she could pee on the ground she thought, but her memories of jakku popped into her head. "I WILL hold this" she thought. Plus it was beggining to get dark, she needed to get some sleep and be energized for the morning, she drank a canteen of water before going to bed.

Rey woke up in the middle of the night, absolutely bursting to pee, the canteen of water was a bad idea, she gripped her crotch with both hands, and slowly made her way out of the tent, she needed to find a spot to pee now! But she coudn't see anything during the night, she looked but all she saw was black, still gripping her crotch for dear life, she returned back to her tent, hoping to sleep till morning.

That was my attempt at continuing this story, please leave feedback!

*004*2017-12-24 00:06

Sorry but this ISNT from the original poster, merley a continuation

