Dungeons, Dragons, and Desperation

Author: Vermilion

*000*2021-02-28 05:40

Hi everyone I’ve lurked on omo.org for years now without posting, but I figured I’d take a crack at writing (give me feedback if you can, I’m not a seasoned writer haha). I enjoy everyone else’s stories so much! — I hope I can create a story some of you enjoy.

Dungeons, Dragons, and Desperation

“Ok I don’t stay up ‘till the crack of dawn like you lunatics, I wanna go to bed at a reasonable time tonight.” Erin retorted.

“It’s not our fault! Every boardgame James suggests ends up going on for hours-“ Jennifer complains from across the kitchen,

“Hey look last time was an exception, besides we’re still starting at 5:00pm like we always do” James interjects,

“Oh suuuure last time was an exception right”

“Yes! It was! Twilight Imperium was gonna go on forever, I told you guys from the get-go. Get off my ass” James slumps down into his chair at the coffee table defeated, with a stack of board games up to his chin in front of him.

Audrey turns from the pantry “I think the sourdough starter is ready, here take a look” she hands a jar over to Jennifer

“Oooooohhh that’s wonderful! I’ll bake some bread tonight how about that?”

Everyone else in the room erupts,

“Yes”

“Absolutely”

“Please I’m starving!”

“I’ll take that as a yes..” she whispers under her breath.

Audrey walks over to the coffee table while tying up her hair and sees James still with a defeated face. She sits down, crossing her legs and clasping her hands,

“How about you pick a new game, one you haven’t shown us before. Your suggestions are always good, even if they end up testing our patience” she proposes.

“Well I’ve wanted to show Dungeons and Dragons to you three for a loooong time but that might be a bit involved for tonight, I suppose we could stick with Catan or..-”

“Hold on, back up, I’m interested” Jennifer shouts from the kitchen while pulling out a pan.

“Yeah wait a minute I wanna hear this! I’ve overheard my roommates talking about this game, what’s the big deal?” Erin adds.

“It’s a role-playing game, it’s not very similar to the board games I usually bring because it’s a lot more… free form you could say?” James struggles to come up with words. “You come up with characters and go on adventures in a fantasy world that you create, but it’s not totally directionless there are some… some.. hold on-” he fingers through his stack and pulls out a large book near the bottom “Some rules! Well, guidelines. In this book!” He points towards the book in front of him with ‘Player’s Handbook’ printed on it. “Things to help you with world building and balancing gameplay. It also includes a bunch of classes, races, enemies-“

“-seems a bit thick?” Audrey remarks

“Well most of the stuff in here we won’t even use, it’s just a guideline. The dungeon master does all the world building anyway, I can handle that and you three can be the players.”

“Caaaaaaaannn we finish it in three hours..?” Erin sarcastically responds.

“We’re not going to finish it, we can just end when we want and continue where we left off next time”

The three girls glance across the room at each other with surprise and approval.

“Could we play aaannnyy… games?” Audrey smirks and can’t hold back a growing smile.

“Oh brother” James falls back in his chair smiling back, he knew exactly what she meant. Three engineering students who had lived together for almost three years, and a music major who’d been coming over with a stack of boards games every Friday night for at least half that time. Now that it was their last year in college, they’d all gotten too comfortable and knew each other’s shared kinks from drunken nights of truth or dare, rushes to complete projects, and other trials and tribulations they had been put through together.

But what they enjoyed the most was wetting. All kinds of creative games to see who could hold the longest or prevent each other from going to the bathroom. They all secretly loved to revel together in this guilty pleasure and maintain blissful ignorance that anything was strange compared to the ordinary world outside the apartment.

Audrey grabs a pair of sunglasses strewn on the countertop and walks into light streaking through the bay windows in front of the coffee table,

“I want to play some.. games.. James~” she says mocking a silvery voice as the light reflects brightly off her sunglasses obscuring her eyes. The other two girls giggle at the scene and join the fun,

“Come on Jaaaammes~”

“Let’s play some games Jaaammeess, I’ll get some glasses of water~”

Their giggles rise to laughter and James smiles amused. Suddenly an idea pops into his head, a great idea. He falls forward from his lounging position in the chair to lean into the table like a poker player with a good hand,

“I’ll make sure you’re all allowed to pee only when your characters are able to pee in the game!”

“Oooooohhh!”

“OOOhh yes!”

“Now we’re talking”

They assemble at the coffee table, joking and imitating a villain-like maniacal laugh.

Eyes drawn on James, he continues, now with a childish delight in his voice,

“You all have to drink when your characters need to drink and pee only when your characters find a bathroom.” He declares.

“Hey that sounds too easy, couldn’t we just pee at the side of a dirt road anywhere in the fantasy world?” Erin retorts.

“Na-a-ah unless you want to pee on the floor right here” James interjects, “since we won’t be leaving the apartment, all we have is a bathroom. That means you have two options: either your characters find a bathroom and you get to use the real bathroom down the hall, or you pee in your pants” he smirks while they glare at him provocatively. “Those are the only two options because that’s all we can simulate.”

The three girls pause to think,

“Well I can’t claim I’m not turned on” Audrey comments, “I accept your challenge, maybe just driven by my own curiosity” she concludes.

The other two nod in agreement.

“You gotta at least give us a fighting chance though” Jennifer responds, “If we get stuck in a situation that we can’t get out of, it better be from our own poor choices than your manipulation to try and guarantee we’ll wet ourselves.”

“I’ll agree with those conditions” James says as they jokingly shake hands.

In the afternoon, as the oven heats up and the birds chirp outside, their adventure at the coffee table begins.

###

“Oh please this is your fault we got into this mess!”

“Sis you better CAN IT! You’re the one who talked to those guards! We were doing soooo wellll sneaking in ~silently~ without a trace, my plan was perfect.”

“Oooooh I BEG to differ Erin, any plan that doesn’t involve sneaking into a castle to steal a spell book that only you need ought to be a better plan than this one!!” Jennifer stands and shouts across the table, but a cramp from her bladder quickly suppresses her plight as she falls back into her chair to hold herself.

Meanwhile Audrey sits opposite the two girls arguing, head in hands, ignoring the fiasco to focus her attention on controlling her desperation.

Erin, always a little self-conscious about her 5’ 5” stature, plays a very big 6’ 8” half-orc female wizard with flowing garbs that entirely contrasts her real-life appearance with a simple but utilitarian graphic tee with leggings and slip ons. Her dark slightly wavy hair is short enough to stay out of her way but long enough to touch her shoulders and compliment her rounded half-asian face. On a normal day she’d be slouching in any chair she sits, and there’s a 50% chance she won’t bother wearing a bra in the apartment — however she’s rigid and squarely planted in her chair while arguing with Jennifer to avoid exacerbating her bladder.

Jennifer wears a loose sweater with skinny jeans, moccasins, and large round glasses. She’s tall enough at 5’ 11” to be spotted across campus and is thinly built like a model with long blonde hair, but she chose to play a tiny 3’ 3” male gnome because the idea of playing a character totally unlike her was exciting, especially with her idea to act out a genius-tinkerer and sharp shooting ranger.

Audrey is still sitting tightly cross-legged in a white sun dress with avocados on it and flip-flops. She’s generally the only one of the three who wears makeup or cares about how she dresses. She regularly draws stares from guys in her electrical engineering labs but doesn’t seem to mind. She’s always been the negotiator of the group, and the most emotionally mature despite being the youngest. She’s also fairly tall at 5’ 9” with a large bust and mixed caucasian face, her long wavy brown hair either tied up in ten different ways or left flowing behind her.

Although she hates to admit it, Audrey can’t hold her pee to save her life and almost always ends up crestfallen and damp at the end of their challenges. Jennifer on the other hand has long-proven herself the endurance champion, but rarely lasts the longest as she likes to drink more to have fun and push her limits. Erin plays fair, only ever drinking as much as necessitated by their games and holding the strongest resolve — she usually lasts the longest, but not without struggling due to her smaller size.

And then there’s James.

James is almost always entertained by their kinky antics, but only joins in on the omo fun after enough poking and prodding from the other girls. It’s not like he could ever hope for the same with his uptight roommates, so walks two blocks over to the girls’ apartment almost every day. As a musician, he practically only owns five sets of black dress pants and white collared shirts, so that’s usually what he wears day-to-day because he’s too busy to find anything better. He’s thin and lengthy at 5’ 10”, without much muscle or melatonin in his skin from practicing inside too much, and his medium-length straight black hair with an almost boyish cut that didn’t have an opportunity to leave high school certainly doesn’t help. Despite that, he has a cute half-asian face and a charismatic presence with positive vibes following him anywhere. He’s open-minded, conversational, and a bit of a polymath. The kind of guy to know how to solve a Rubick’s cube and woo women.

He watches the argument unfolded, fully entertained by their squabbling and aroused by their desperation.

“Alright let me remind you why we’re here Jennifer because cleaaaarly you don’t remember-“

“I do reme-“

“We started in the desert, and you know what you need in the desert?”

Jennifer glares at her without moving.

“Water?”

“WOW amazing guess!” Erin sarcastically responds, “Well, we got it! Oh boy did we get it! That dude who gave us the camels showed us the way to the oasis kingdom and James figures now that we’re surrounded by water a-plenty after trudging through a desert for days we better drink at least four glasses each, or apparently six if you’re a 6’ 8” half-orc like me!” she seethes at James.

“Yes of course, your character is huge, you’re gonna need to intake a lot more water for your body-“

“Yeah yeah yeah don’t lecture me about my mistakes, I still think Jennifer conspired against me with you by picking a tiny gnome of all characters.”

“She drank just as much as you and Audrey.”

Erin brews silently, unable to come up with a response. She shifts her weight and moves her hips uncomfortably. Jennifer bounces up and down with both excitement and frustration painted on her face.

Erin, with a trailing voice, “I just wanted to talk to the camel, that spell book has a spell in it that would allow me to make friends with animals..”

“We know.”

“We know.”

“You three are gonna need to make some sort of escape, you’ve been hiding in the castle for a half hour now. Face it, the gig is up, the guards know you’re all there, good luck getting that spell book”

“But James what if there’s a bathroom in the castle?” Audrey pleads after being silent for a while. She knows she doesn’t have long, she really needs to pee. Her panties now have a small wet spot on them after she briefly let a spurt out two minutes ago. She stares at him with downcast eyebrows and hope slowly draining from her face. “Please?”

“Sorry, I’m in charge here. You guys don’t even know where a bathroom is in the castle, you would have to look all over for it. Are you sure you wanna do that?” He says, unable to contain his wide mischievous grin.

“AH!-“ Jennifer shrieks and forces her hands between her thighs, breathing quickly. “Never mind, I’m good”

The other three break their despondence to momentarily laugh,

“You alright there Jennifer?” Audrey cracks at her,

“S t i l l i n c o n t r o l !” she strains a response.

“Alright, I’ll give up on the spell book, lets just hope we get out and find some tavern in the city or something” Erin finally concludes.

“Weeeelllll you might want to stay away from the city too, guards patrol there at night and I’m sure they got word by now that someone tried to break into the castle..”

Audrey’s eyes widen at James as she feels a shiver pass over her and accidentally lets a big spurt out while she’s distracted. The gap between her thighs dampens, and she covered her mouth with her free hand to repress a gasp. The others attempt to bargain with James unsuccessfully.

“Erin, your character needs another drink of water~”

“James I cannot believe your absolute audacity-“

“You’ve been cooped up stuck in a castle for long enough without drinking, sorry Erin there’s no choice, one full glass” he teases her.

She quickly jumps up and pours a glass, then chugs it while maintaining blistering eye-contact with him. As soon as she finishes she bends over in pain — her face grimacing as she hobbles back to her seat.

“Wait Erin can you get me the pitcher?” Jennifer quips,

“Get it yourself!” she ekes out, boiling over with desperation.

“I caaaant!”

“Why do you want to drink?! You don’t have to, you’re a gnome!”

“I want to” she smiles and somehow manages to get up to pour a glass to match her roommate. After gulping it down she proudly exclaims “Nine!” and sits back down. Audrey stares in disbelief.

“Are you gonna try to escape the castle one of these days?” James finally comments.

Erin: “How? The door’s locked!”

Audrey: “I can barely concentrate as is”

Jennifer: “I’m about to pee myself!”

Jennifer lights up and interjects “Oh! Oh! Erin, you could try and cast mage hand to open the door from the other side!”

“Oh that’s smart Jen, that might actually work. James let me roll a d20 for success before I burst-” her hand reaches out to grab the die but quickly recedes back to her crotch again as she feels a sharp pang. James agrees, and she recomposes herself with a few meditative breaths and rolls the die.

“An 18! An 18!-“

“Yaaaaaayy!” Jennifer shouts

“You succeed!” James proclaims, “But you need to hold your hands in position while concentrating to sustain the spell long enough” he demonstrates by cupping his hands near each other to make it look like he’s holding an invisible orb.

“Y-y-you mean, i-in real life?” stammers Erin.

“Yes of course, this is a role-playing game Erin” James replies with devilish delight.

Erin’s face washes over with fear. She’s close to bursting, with her hands tightly jammed between her legs while rocking side to side. She crosses one leg over the other and waits until her desperation subsides enough to slowly remove her hands and hold them up.

She acts out the spell to conjure a magic translucent blue hand, “Alright I’ll grab a lock pick out of my bag and move the hand across the room up close to the ceiling so the guards can’t see, and pass through the door…” James nods and she continues, “I’m going to insert the lock pick a-a-and-“ she’s interrupted as a slow trickle starts to escape into her leggings uncontrollably-“Aaaah!” she shrieks and jams her hands back between her legs to stop the flow.

“Whoops looks like your mage hand disappeared, you lost concentration!” James exclaims.

“Oh come on James!” Jennifer begs,

“James I’m this close to drenching myself, why should I bother giving an ounce more effort?” Audrey says while shimmying her butt on her seat.

“Don’t give up yet Audrey!” Jennifer contests

“I don’t have a good answer to that Audrey” James laughs, “Doesn’t look good now but who knows? Maybe you’ll get out of this one.”

“Audrey I just need to t-t-try again, I can do it” Erin whimpers. Her crotch is freshly wet again as another spurt escapes. Jennifer gets up to jump a few times and hunches over holding herself. Audrey rumbles her feet against the floor. Erin holds her hands out again while trembling,

“I grab another lock pick and move the hand across the room. I start picking the pins, James how long is it gonna take?”

“Depends on your lock picking skill”

“What, what?! I don’t know that I need to look at my character sheet I-“ a trickle starts again and she stops mid speech to focus completely on tightening her thighs and stopping the flow while holding up her hands. “James I need to keep the spell going I can’t reach to grab my sheet! Ooooh oooh god no!” there’s nothing she can do as the flow comes back stronger and she starts completely pissing in her leggings.

With her hands frozen in the air, she whimpers “guys.. I’m peeing.” and gives up all control, uncrossing her legs. Pee shoots out with full force, hissing as it pools in her leggings and drips off the front end of the seat between her legs forming a waterfall. “Aaaaaaaahhh that feels so good” she exclaims, closing her eyes with ecstasy. “Aaaaaahhh…” she leans back while continuing to pee in her leggings for another 25 seconds. Jennifer watches with exhilaration while bouncing. Audrey feels a sudden twang of pain harder than the last as pee shoots through her panties.

“That’s it, that’s it! I’m done. I can’t take it anymore. If Erin can’t last then I certainly won’t” she declares defeat and lets go of her sphincter, instantly releasing a torrent of pee through her panties. She spreads her legs and leans with her elbows on the table and head rested in her palms smiling with relief. Her pee covers the chair beneath her creating a rushing sound that resounds through the room, and it drips down her dress to pool underneath her feet.

“I love that feeling” she says while blushing at James who stares at her back.

“Looks like Jennifer wins again” Erin replies,

“I don’t know how you do it Jen, I really don’t” Audrey looks over to admire her while still relaxing and peeing in her seat.

“Hehehehe” she giggles while beaming with victory. “I’m completely dry this time, you guys didn’t stand a chance!”

“I guess I might as well finish that spell, third times the charm right ladies~” Erin cracks, and goes through the paces to unlock the door, only this time with her bottom half sitting in a puddle.

“There we go, unlocked!”

“Huzzaaaaah” Audrey jokes with a monotone voice.

“Alright, I’ll drink two more glasses of water and see how long I can last” Jennifer declares, getting up slowly to pour a glass at the countertop.

“Oh you’re not going to last one second, not even you” Erin retorts.

“Don’t doubt me!” she yells while pouring.

“This will be interesting” James comments, his cheeks red from excitement and arousal. “Enjoying the show, James?” Audrey jokes, “Oh absolutely, when do I not?” he laughs.

Jennifer shouts “Eleven!” after downing two more glasses quickly and returning to the table. Her sides cramp up hard and she crosses her legs, balancing on one foot while leaning her arm on table. She belly laughs, “Oooh boy I’m gonna regret this decision.”

“I’ll make a run for it past the guards and out the door, I’m small maybe they won’t see me!” she says, and rolls a d20 for success. “A seven-oooooh no James please come on that’s good enough!” she cries out.

“Oh man you wish you had gotten lucky there Jen haha” he responds,

“Pleeeease come on James I gotta escape I’m dying here!” she bounces up and down uncontrollably. “James what’s gonna happen Jaaammeeess!-”

“-aaaah well the guards notice you but you start running as fast as you can.” Jennifer gets up and starts running around the coffee table-“I’m running James! I’m running! Let me out!” She turns down the hall and sprints down to touch the front door and run back. As she returns she feels a sharp pain and pee briefly spurts out her jeans, creating a quarter-sized dark spot. She grabs James’s shoulder and leans on him while holding herself tightly. She squats down and turns in front of his face with a manic smile saying “What-do-I-dooo?! Help! Whaaat what do I do??”

“Uuuuuhhhhhh” looking at her he bursts out with laughter “JAAMESS I’M GOING TO PEE IN MY JEANS WHAT DO I DO???”

“Aaaathere’s a gate! You see it across the castle’s courtyard” he blurts out, “Run over to it!”

“Roll a d20?” she yelps

“Yes! yes! Here!” He laughs handing it to her and she throws it on the floor across the room. Erin and Audrey erupt in laughter. “Noooooo!” Jennifer goes running after it, tip toeing and dancing while holding her pee. She squats down holding her glasses, “Seventeen! I’ll take it!” and sprints back across the room to her seat.

“Alright you run through the gate into the city square. More guards see you and come running after you” he responds.

“What?! What now?? I’m gonna keep running!”

“You’re a three foot gnome!” he yells, but she stares with her eyes burning into him, “You don’t make it very far, you get caught running down an alley and the guards pull you up off your feet with your legs spinning and dangling!” the other girls laugh.

“Uuuuhhh.. uuuuuhh” Jennifer wiggles frantically as more pee escapes into her pants. “I’m not gonna make it! I’m gonna pee myself! I’m gonna pee myself!” she says with a trembling voice, “Save the shoes!” She flicks off her nice moccasins across the room and relinquishes her struggle, suddenly halting her movement. “Aaaaaaaahhhhh” she exhales with a moan as pee pours out of her, rushing into her jeans. Her pee hisses loudly and quickly spreads, darkening her pant legs. Her sweater underneath her butt quickly gets soaked with piss. She leans back on the two rear legs of the chair and her pee sloshes backward forming a warm puddle in front of her crotch.

“I haven’t felt this good since the last time I peed myself” she jokes,

“Hah! Neither have I!” Audrey replies.

Erin smiles and rolls her eyes — the first to falter despite wanting to last the longest. Jennifer continues to pee in her jeans for 20 seconds before settling to a trickle. She falls forward in her chair and her puddle pours onto the floor, spreading underneath the table.

“I could have lasted longer” she exclaims, “but it’s too good to resist. When can we play again James, that was fun hehe~”

“Yeah I wanna get our characters out of this mess we got into, no matter how many drinks it takes!” Erin adds.

“You girls can have all the time in the world to play if you want, I’ll look at my schedule” he responds cheerfully.

“Thanks James, I gotta go change and work on some circuits homework” Audrey comments,

“Yeah I’ve got stuff to do, thanks James this was fun“ Erin adds.

To be continued.

