Vaine, Goddess of Death, Sexual/Peeing Adventures Throughout the Multiverse (Insanely Long Story)

Author: Vaine Steele

*000*2022-12-10 03:14

Heya all, Vaine here. Phew, that's uhh, quite the title hmm? This is a story that I've had in my head for a long time. Since about 2015 I'd say. I'd never written it before cus well, it's fucking dark and highly sexual, something of which isn't allowed on most sites where you post stories.

Anyway I'll just say that the biggest influences for this story are Overlord, Star Wars... and uh yeah I guess whatever has multiverses in it could be considered an influence as well. Although that's just some technology/lore within the story and not exactly influenced by anything specific.

But anyway, this story is basically an "epic fantasy/sci-fi adventure" story, with sex scenes and pissing thrown in for good measure, along with other kinks. If you're looking for a quick fap or clit rub this probably isn't the tale for you. But if you want something a little more "serious" rooted in a crap-ton of lore then you may enjoy this.

I will warn you all ahead of time. The start of this story is dark and deeply disturbing. It's not meant to be enjoyed in a sexual way although if you do I won't hold it against you.

I asked the mods ahead of time if my story would be ok to post on here, since it features alot of graphic violence, at least early on. I got the go ahead from Kyuu so hopefully they won't get in trouble if this story does indeed get me into it lol.

Either way if you're cool with that then I hope you enjoy this. I really care about this character, a lot, so much so that my profile is named after her, if you somehow didn't notice. I hope you'll enjoy the story as much as I will when I finally put it onto paper. Well, digital paper.

~ Much Love, Vaine Steele.

Table of Contents

Prologue

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

&&&&&&&&

*004*2022-12-10 03:27

Prologue: Introductions and Origins

This is unlike any tale that you've read before. Okay maybe that's not entirely true. But still, my life story is just... impossible to put into words. I mean that literally.

While I could technically write it all, even if it'd take me tens of thousands of years to complete, it would take you mortals your entire lifetimes just to read a fraction of my life. Don't believe me? Too fucking bad dipshits.

Anyway you're all here reading this because you wanna watch me pee right? Buncha perverts you all are. Alas I can't really complain since I'm easily one of the biggest perverts in the multiverse. But here I am getting off track again.

My name is Vaine Steele. I'm a Goddess of Death, a self-proclaimed Shinigami, Lover of Sex and well, technically a Reaper. We'll get more into that later. I'm currently technically 2.314 billion years old. But I've only been consciousness for like... 196, 758 Earth Years. Yeah I dunno if I'll get to that part of my life within 20 of your lifetimes... maybe 30... or 35... we'll see. I'll probably just skip a bunch of shit anyway and focus on writing the good stuff, mostly.

My origin story is dark and disturbing and not meant to be enjoyed. I'm sure I said this in the intro post but in case you missed it, the start of my existence was fucked up beyond belief. Read at your own risk. It's not something your supposed to be able to masturbate to although I guess if you do I won't judge.

Let's get onto my appearance now so ya'll have something to visualize hmm?

My true form and the one I use the most often is a female foxmorph with black hair and red eyes. I also have a red highlight in my hair. My fur is three different colors, kind of. Most of my fur is black. However my chest fur and naval fur and yes pubic fur is white. I also have dark brown stripes on my legs that go from my feet to my buttcheeks so there is that. My skin is black. You can tell because my nose, tongue, gums, fingernails, nipples, pussy and anus are all black. Otherwise you don't really see my skin. I'm a furry ok, what the fuck you want from me?

Moving on... I have modest C-Cup breasts, I stand about 5'8". I'll leave my ass, hip and waist measurements to your imagination. Trust me I'm an 11/10 goddess my body is feminine perfection. If you don't agree you can kiss my ass. Or don't.

Lastly I'm Bisexual. I'll fuck anything breathing that's of a sexually mature age, male or female. Hell I once humped a hippo once. I was drunk ok, piss off. Although I suppose you'd like to be pissed on.

Your probably wondering 'oh my god when is the introduction gonna end? Just urinate yourself already!' You, hush. This is the prologue that's supposed to just be an info dump so that you can understand me better and enjoy the stories I'm gonna tell to their fullest. If you don't wanna read this just skip ahead to chapter 1... or maybe chapter like 3 or 4 when my life stops being as awful as it was at the start. We'll see. Dunno how much I'll write of that or even if the mods will allow it. Hi mods.

Anyway... let us begin this tale. This isn't one I want to tell but it's how my "life" began so... here we go.

***

I was born on some different version of Earth in its year of 1990. Alternate to you humans anyway. If you didn't know like, 50% of all sentient life in the multiverse is human or at least what you'd call human. Most basic common sentient evolution I guess. Anyway Anthros make up about 10% of that number and the remaining 40% is just... everything else. Really I don't care to get more specific than that.

I was born in Dallas, Texas. America. Fuck yeah brother.

I had a very normal childhood. My parents loved me. We lived in a nice house, with a white picket fence, on a tree lined street. It was peaceful and idyllic. And I hated every moment of it.

My first memories are from kindergarten. I can still remember vividly trying to play tag on the playground. All of the other kids were running around laughing and having fun while I stood by myself on the side of the yard. I was uhh, the weird girl. They avoided me like I was a contagious disease. So I played alone.

In middle school my social skills improved a little bit. But still the other children avoided me like the plague. I spent my time watching TV in the basement or playing video games. I also got really into punk rock and metalcore, I loved the gothic fashion style so I would wear black lipstick and dark eye shadow. I even started cutting my own hair, I thought it looked cool and rebellious. It helped me feel like an individual who didn't need to rely on the rest of society.

High school was pretty much the same thing, although the kids at least knew who the metalhead chick at school was. They still treated me like crap though. The popular kids were too busy making fun of me to be bothered getting to know me as more than their entertainment. The other kids who did try to be friendly were just trying to get into my pants. Which, thanks for the thought but no thanks. I mean, they'd been right. I am pretty damn hot, why wouldn't a boy wanna fuck me? I guess it's true what they say about men wanting pussy more than brains. However, even at 18 I was still a virgin, because I still hated "the world" and had no interest in physical intimacy.

Two months before my high school graduation... was when everything changed.

April 17th, 2008, 1 PM local time. Lunch had just ended so I was feeling sleepy, like I wanted to go for an after-meal nap. However, I never got the chance to. Suddenly and without warning, a giant red alien spaceship appeared above the city. It unleashed thousands of autonomous robots that I'd later learn were called Sentinels. They were hideous fleshy metallic machines that looked like raptors with scorpion tails, that's the best way I can describe them.

Either way that doesn't matter right now. As I sat down at my desk, a swarm of these machines attacked my school. All I really remember was the screaming and the blood, so much blood. They killed everyone by stabbing them with their sharp tail-like appendages. Within seconds of getting stabbed their victims eyes would glow red and then fade, their bodies falling lifelessly to the floor afterward.

I don't even have time to yell as I felt a sharp pain enter my lower back. I cannot even scream the pain is too unbearable. Last thing I remember was feeling the elongated member on my tailbone.

'Well, this is how I'm gonna die...' I thought, 'So lame.'

I passed out into a dreamless sleep. I felt like I was in the void, inside nothingness. Well... this must be what death feels like. At least I was no longer in pain. In fact I didn't really feel any emotions at all. The concept of time... was gone from my sight.

And then suddenly I was not alone. A voice was speaking to me.

"Reaper E-237-NIN.exrb, assimilation complete."

It sounded exactly like my inner voice. Wait... what did my inner voice sound like again?

"Activating Regeneration Level 1."

Act... activating what now?

"Powerup complete. Body... functional. Rebooting..."

Wait what's happening?

***

I woke up in a coughing fit, my mouth was stale with the taste of blood. I was sitting on my classroom chair as I continued to cough and breathe heavily. For a fraction of a second I wondered if I've just woken up from a horrible nightmare. Then I saw about a dozen bodies of students around me and I'm quickly reminded that this was real.

How was I alive?

I looked down to my lower body where I could have sworn I had a fatal wound. What I saw was a big hole in the bottom of my shirt and the top strap of my skirt. My body was fine but there was dried blood all around my clothing where my fatal injury was.

What the fuck happened? I looked outside and noticed that the sun was setting. I must have been passed out for awhile.

I felt a deep pressure within my privates, like I haven't peed for hours. I decided to ignore this for now though it wasn't important.

I glanced at the corpses around me again, but instead of being terrified I was relieved. Relieved that it was not me laying there. I took in a few deep breaths and got up off the chair. My skirt fell down around my feet, due to the front of the belt being completely destroyed. My pink panties were only held up thanks to them being light and my ass being relatively thick, which seemed to be holding them in place. They were very loose though and they felt like they could fall down anytime as well.

"Damn I really, really need to take a piss." I whispered aloud as I squirmed uncomfortably.

Guess I'll find a bathroom first and then go look for help... not that I seemed to need it. In fact, all the students I saw were dead so... they don't need any help either. Right right, alien robot invasion, I forgot... probably not much help coming if the rest of the country or the world looked like this.

... In fact, almost all of these bitches and bastards hated me anyway... why did I care if they got help? I didn't.

My pussy trembled as I was quickly reminded of my primal need to piss out a river and I hobbled outside of the room and toward the hallway, not caring about how many soggy carpets filled with pools of blood that I was walking through.

Once I walked out into the hallway I was suddenly assaulted with the sight of dozens more dead students lying on the floor. Their skin was deathly pale and their eyes were red, just like the eyes of those... robot dinosaur scorpions that stabbed me in the back. I clenched my clit tighter as I felt a few drops of urine escape their kitty prison. Fuck.

I needed to find a bathroom and find it now.

I kept on moving forward until I reached an open door. The hall beyond it was a mess of smashed and broken doors and windows. Most of them were covered in dried blood but a lot of them had been completely obliterated by giant metallic claws.

I managed to see something surprising though. A male student with his back against the locker was writhing in pain. His breathing was heavy. Someone else was alive here. Damn he kinda cute.

He must be one of those "popular kids" from school because he was wearing a blue blazer and tie. His left leg was mostly missing though, it's a wonder he hasn't bled out by now. He must've been sitting here for hours while a pool of his own blood dried around him.

I approached him slowly as my bladder felt like molten lead. I was half tempted to piss right there but I resisted. He noticed me with horror in his eyes. He saw my half torn panties and then quickly looked away. So I guess when someone was on the verge of death they stopped being horny hmm? Or maybe I was just that scary now and not as sexy as I thought? Whatever.

What am I? A predator. No, worse than a predator. A demon... who was reborn into this hellish world. And what do I eat? Prey.

His face had seemingly turned a shade of green as I approached him. I could tell from his eyes that he was afraid and in agony. But more importantly he looked like a tasty little morsel to me. I was in pain too. My whole life had been painful. I had never felt like I belonged anywhere... everyone always looked down on me.

Well now I was the one standing over all those dead people and staring down at them as they looked up at me. I felt... strangely happy? Why did I feel joy right now as my vagina dam was about to burst? Maybe I had finally found some kind of... meaning to my life? I didn't know. This feeling was foreign to me.

All I knew was that I was hungry, very hungry.

The boy turned to look at me again as I crouched down next to him.

"Vaine?" He questioned. "Is that you?"

I nodded silently, trying to keep myself from peeing all over his face.

"It hurts!" He cried, his voice cracking, "I need help, please! There was a... robot scorpion thing in my leg! It stabbed me so hard it went through here," he says as he points to where his femoral artery was.

But there was no leg there anymore.

"Poor little lost soul." I spoke with authority. All shyness or anti-social behavior that I had exhibited before was completely gone. "Let me aid you."

I thrusted my ass in the air and bent my back as I put my fingers around his throat and squeezed. My loose panties finally fall to the floor and the warm exposure of air against my pussy lips causes my floodgates to burst open. I sighed with sexual and violent pleasure as I peed hard while squeezing the life outta this man's neck. His eyes went wide as he began to struggle, but he didn't have the strength to pull me off of him. His eyes rolled into their back sockets and his mouth opened slightly for breaths that never came. I could hear his ribs pop in and out as my piss kept pouring down his throat. He was not dead yet.

I cried out in delight. I had never felt such elation before in my life. This was what being alive must feel like. Dominating. Power. Control.

My pussy ached with a delightfully warm sensation as my piss stream continued pouring out of me. The last bit of resistance faded from the boy and he died within the next 15 seconds.

His body fell limp against me, I could feel the warm blood that had stopped flowing through his veins. His dead face was looking up at me through my urine-soaked crotch.

Within the next instant I saw a small amount of... some kinda glowing red energy flow out of him as my body involuntarily absorbed it.

'0.89 Units of Soul Energy collected.' My inner voice rang out loud and clear in my head.

I was so surprised by this that I tripped down onto my ass into a pool of my own urine mixed with scaly blood.

"What the fuck?!" I shouted aloud. "Who are you? Where are you?!"

'I am you. We are I.' The inner spirit in my head replied.

I looked around frantically and saw no one else besides myself and the bodies of students around me. I quivered in fear as I wondered what was going on.

'Do not be afraid. I am you. You are me. We are one. We are a Reaper now. E-237-NIN is our code name but since we went by the name of Vaine before our fusion. That should be fine to use for self-identification if we so desire.' The robotic speaker that still sounded like me hit me with a rapid string of info.

"Reaper? Fusion? What?" I blurted as I finally stop peeing.

After getting up and calming down abit I began to walk towards the girls locker room next to the gym, hoping to find a functional shower. The voice in my head and I had a conversation along the way.

'Reapers are what we are. Sentinels, the one's you call the dino-scorpion-robots, are designed to inject eggs into living fleshy sentient life. The process kills approximately 1 in 2.358 million of those it infects. Those that survive, like us, are granted new life. We are now a part of the Reapers, we're designed to kill and to be the most powerful soldiers in The Creators' army. We will bring complete order to the universe... once all those who oppose us are dead.'

"Well that was one hell of an info dump to put onto an 18 year old girl." I said as I take off my shirt and cast it aside.

"Who are The Creators?"

'The Creators are our masters... the most powerful sentient immortal race in the universe. They made us. They made I. We serve them and they protect and guide us through this chaotic life.'

I took off my bra as I step into the locker room. There were only a few bodies in here thankfully. And only two of the showers were broken, nice. I turned one on and let the cold water flow over my naked body. It felt so nice.

'Our first priority is to get stronger.' The AI within me continued. 'Inside of we there is a core. A red crystal you would call it. This device is The Creators ultimate technology. It serves as both our soul and a supercomputer. I, we will remember everything. All knowledge we gain, all people we see, meet, kill or fuck. This core must be protected at all costs, if it breaks, we die. We need soul energy to power ourselves up. It'll take alot of time but the stronger something that we kill is, the more soul energy it'll give us. Given enough time we will become a literal goddess in service to our great and supreme leaders.'

"Powers?" I question as I clean my ass from all the dried blood and urine I sat in. "What powers can we gain?"

'Anything you can imagine.'

"Really? Anything?"

'Correct. Strong overpowered abilities will take a lot of souls, tens of thousands if not millions, to unlock. Weaker more basic abilities will take less soul energy to unlock.'

"Like xp points in an RPG?"

'Yes like a video game...' I could practically hear the AI's eyes roll, if it had them.

"I see." I said. "Then can our first ability be to never poop?"

I swear the AI within me stopped for a moment, dead in its tracks. Well, if it could walk that is.

'Are you fucking serious?' It replied, clearly dumbfounded and annoyed.

I laugh at the hilarity as I turned the shower off and began to wipe myself dry.

"Yeah pooping is something that most people, if not nearly everyone, thinks is disgusting and gross. But it's always been a natural thing that we just have to do nearly every day. Everything poops. I'd like to be someone who doesn't have to worry about shit, literally." I explained, although probably not very well.

'And yet pissing is just fine for you? How strange you are.' It quipped.

"Well... I discovered alot today. Killing and peeing... brought me so much pleasure and ecstasy that I cannot even explain it."

'Fine. I did say anything you could imagine, may as well get something stupid out of the way first. I could reroute and reprogram your digestive system so that all your waste chemically turns to urine and goes through your bladder. But you'd urinate a hell of a lot more than the average person. I assume you're ok with that?'

"Fuck yeah that sound great."

'What about your bowels, rectal cavity and anus? All that anthro anatomy would be worthless.'

"Not worthless... I'm sure it could bring pleasure if I had a cock squirt thick cum up in there." I said with a grin, laughing at the word cock.

'Ahh... keeping the backdoor for anal sex... got it. For such a dumbass ability it should only cost about 100 souls, give or take.'

And so, with that I had a sudden interest in sex. I was still a virgin as I stated earlier in this prologue, but now I was dying to see what all the fuss was about.

I had been reborn... and I had no idea what evils I was about to partake in... or what untold suffering awaited me. But alas that about does it for this prologue. Chapter I think 1 to about 4 will be pretty grim. Chapter 5 will probably be where the turnaround begins. If you enjoyed the start to this story and didn't masturbate to it good job.

If you did well, you did. That be ok too. You do you boo boo.

Now it's time for me to raid the girl's lockers for clothes... and get onto gathering soul power so I never have to take a dump again.

*006*2022-12-11 05:04

{{3 hours ago, orangelion said:

This certainly interesting. Did you draw the picture?

}}

I did with words. Used Midjourney AI, the AI Art tool on discord.

Glad you liked it. Chapter 1 is being edited right now it'll hopefully be out tomorrow. I can't guarantee that I'll keep this writing pace up but uhh I also could lol, we'll see.

