Vaine, Goddess of Death, Sexual/Peeing Adventures Throughout the Multiverse (Insanely Long Story)

Author: Vaine Steele

*012*2022-12-19 09:38

Chapter 2: OP Powerup Method or Life-Threatening Insanity?

I am deeply disturbed by what I am seeing. Some kinda pulsing red alien egg thing, I don't even know what to make of it. It looks so gross and ominous and yet doesn't seem to smell like much of anything. Ontop of that it seems to be defying gravity itself, that or it's loosely clinging to a side of a building, hard to tell from this angle.

"Hey me!" I shout rather strongly. "Do you know what the fuck this thing is?"

'No. But we think us have an idea. It's full of soul energy. Our theory is that the Sentinels transported hundreds of infected bodies here, refined them and put them into storage for use by Reapers.'

"I'm sorry but what the fuck?" I blurt out. "You telling me that there's hundreds of anthro smoothies just floating around inside this alien ball sack without a penis? I think I may actually throw up."

'We won't know until we try. This may be a way for us to finally get enough soul energy for some abilities.'

"Dammit me and my... logic." I sigh. "But how do you expect me to get up there?"

'If we go to the second story window we should be able to reach the goo from there.'

"Perfect." I say sarcastically. I make my way into the nearby structure, which is a torn up parking lot with several floors. I walk up towards the incubating cocoon while I start getting seriously sick to my stomach. As I get closer I can see it pulsating and bulging like it's an overgrown tumor. Gross. I start to notice bloody skid marks below my feet, all of which lead to the alien sack of flesh.

"Oh, hell." I groan and take a moment to vomit onto the ground.

The liquid inside looks like mostly blood but mixed with greenish-yellow goop and something that could be considered a semi-solid form. The jelly seems to have the consistency of thick mud or wet cement or something but it still doesn't have a scent to it at all.

"You really think eating this will give us soul power?" I question while trying to back myself out of the corner I made for myself. "I'm not really feeling it."

'It's not like we'll die. Just try it.' My inner voice urges me on and I sigh.

I stick my hand inside. It feels like weeks old soggy cum that was boiled in a pot on the stove. Dear god it's like the least pleasant feeling in the world. I really really don't wanna eat this. But I force my eyes closed and bring a chunk of it to my face and gobble it down quickly. It feels... not as bad going down my throat. And it tastes... like nothing. Huh. Strange.

'We gained 25 soul energy from that amount of... what did we call it? Anthro Smoothie? Sure let us go with that.'

25?! Are you kidding me? One mouthful of this tasteless shit is the same as killing 25 fucking people? What the shit?

... Where has this gross shit been all my life?! This is fucking awesome! I scarf several more handfuls down and nearly choke as I cough violently, the eggsac storage thing has shrunk by maybe 5 or 10%.

'Digestive System Restructure Level 1 unlocked.' The AI Chirps in an official manner.

'Wha- What was that?" I ponder.

'That was the ability we requested the day we met.' My inner voice replies. 'We will no longer have to go poop. But as a consequence your urination rate will rise to about 300% of what it was previously.'

I shout for joy. I've unlocked my first superpower! And... I chose something silly. Oh well. I'll just be happy that I'll never have to wipe my ass anymore, I guess except to clean cum and sweat off of it. But yay! No more smelly butt stuff!

As I jump through the air excitedly I feel a large excess of gas exit my anus and I fart so loud that it echoes throughout the parking garage.

"What the hell?" I scream with embarrassment as my foul odor reaches my nostrils. "You said I wouldn't have to shit anymore!"

'Correct. We'll no longer excrete solid waste. We didn't say anything about gas. To do so, we'd probably have to level up the ability to level 3 or 4. Something like that would be fairly complicated and require a lot more souls to unlock.'

I kinda laugh half heartedly at that explanation. Of course, I'm an idiot. There's three states of matter, solid, liquid and gas. They teach you that basic science shit in what, kindergarten? And I only said I wanted to convert the solid waste into liquid urine... not everything else. What my core is saying makes perfect sense... although I do not like it. Oh well.

'We'd better eat the rest of this Anthro Smoothie. We can use all the energy we can get. Maybe we'd actually like to spend it on a combat ability of some sort this time?'

"Sure sure yeah whatever, we'll discuss it tonight when we return to the safety of our base."

I stay there for about an hour, just munching down on pureed corpses. Yay. Delish. My stomach starts to hurt alot and expand but I'm told by the AI that it's safe to keep going. So I do. When I'm finished I look down at my belly and it looks like I'm about 8 months pregnant. I'm also feeling really sick but I don't throw up.

"Are you sure that this was a good idea?" I half mumble like my mouth is full. "I don't feel so good at all."

'We'll be fine once we purge our system. Sending it out now. We may wanna drop our pants.'

Wait what? I barely have enough time to process what the AI is saying to me before I feel an immense wave of pain, pleasure and pressure fill up my pussy in seconds. The feeling becomes too intense for me to bear and I just barely undo my belt buckle and jean button when my piss starts to spray out of me like a rocket engine taking off into space. Ok not literally but damn the pissing is insanely intense. The urine comes out of me so fast and hot that it actually hurts as it soaks my leather jeans and panties around my crotch and lower butt almost instantly. Several streams of urine escape down my pant legs and onto the hard concrete below. These pants are filthy and clingy now. I feel my stomach deflate ever so slightly as another massive wave of golden lady juice escapes my clit. I cry out in agony and orgasmic pleasure as I fall onto my ass, losing all my strength in my shuddering legs.

A new experience was happening to me at this moment in time... the most insane pissfest of my life so far. I guess I signed up for this though. It feels so good despite the rather intense pain, almost like I'm giving birth to a liquid urine baby. Ok giving birth would probably be worse but I don't fucking know alright? I kick my feet and legs around in an attempt to get my jeans off of me but they only come down about an inch before more urine comes shooting out of my privates like a watersilde. A urineslide if you will. It's so powerful that I can't even stand back up. I just continue to send torrents and torrents of piss out of my pussy. If I dropped my pants and panties into an olympic sized swimming pool they wouldn't get this wet like geez le fucking weeze. I'm so horny and so turned on right now as my nethers send another explosive orgasm-wave throughout my body.

After several minutes of spraying piss like a fire hydrant on crack, I finally get myself under control enough to pull down my panties and jeans and throw them away, which are drenched in both piss and cum. I sit there in shock and awe as I continue my epic quest to slay the urination dragon inside my vaginal cave. My stomach is only about 2 months pregnant now so we should be in the final home pissing stretch. Once again I let go with the force of a water cannon and it pours out of me as a steady yellow river. It seems to never stop flowing, I've lost count of how many times I've cum so far. At least it doesn't hurt nearly as much anymore. I just spread my legs wide and try to relax as my entire body feels super exhausted, like I just ran a 20 mile marathon or something. I even stop yelling loudly from orgasmic bliss because my throat is just too tired and sore by this point.

As the piss mist slowly dies down I feel a very strong urge to have a nap for some reason. But I can't sleep out here, half naked and on a colder-than-average spring day. Using the concrete wall behind me I struggle to pull myself up onto my wobbly feet. I put my urine soaked pants in my bag but leave the panties behind. I like these jeans alot I don't just want to toss them out ok? I guess I'll just put them into the janitor's washing machine at the school later.

I slowly hobble towards the interior of the parking garage as I feel a wave of frighteningly chill air flow through me. I begin to shiver and suddenly I feel very dizzy. The last thing I remember was falling flat on my face with my butt up in the air like a slut. Heh... slut.

***

D0min4t3....

"System... offline."

Contr0l...

"Attempting reboot... failed."

Pow3r...

"Recalibrating. Recalibration successful, attempting reboot #2"

Fe45....

"Reboot successful. Base systems online."

6ickne66...

"Regenerating body."

F1lth...

... I wake up in a slurry daze. My ass is freezing. In fact, my whole body feels like it's covered in ice. It's painful... like hundreds of invisible bugs are biting me at once. My head is pounding harder than a heavy metal drummer's feet. My vision is blurry as fuck. I look around and notice that the sun has gone down. I must've been out for literally half the day.

I stumble my way over to a car and try to open it. It's locked up tight. It's super cold out here. My thin heavy metal band shirt and black bra aren't doing much of anything to keep my tits warm and my pussy and anus are chilled to the bone... if they had any.

I walk up to three more random cars. Again two of them are locked but the third one opens up thankfully. At least I would be thankful if it didn't smell like a rotten asshole on christmas eve on the inside. My eyes hurt, but my body aches all over from being out in the cold so long. Fuck it, I need shelter. Even if a car isn't ideal it'll be warmer than out here. I climb my way into the back seat and slam the door shut. I can't really feel much of a difference to be honest with you, minus the cold wind of course.

"What the fuck is happening to me?"

'Apparently we took in too much soul energy too quickly. Our body couldn't handle the influx of power it and shut down.'

"You said we'd be fine! You made me eat that shit and now you're telling me it nearly killed us?"

'We apologize, we didn't realize our body was so weak.'

"Fuck you. I'm never trusting you again."

'Fair enough. Don't worry though, we won't die. It'll take our body a few days to recover back to where it was but we can survive this.'

"Isn't there anything you can do about this freezing cold? It's agonizingly bad."

'We could have an ability to raise our cold resistance although we expect such a power would take many tens of thousands of souls before it becomes useful.'

"Get the basic version of it anyway, anything is better than nothing."

'Cold Resistance Level 1 unlocked.'

I feel a very slight warmth wash over me. It's nice but I'm still pretty damn cold.

"That's it?" I ask in an annoyed manner.

'As we said, more soul power is needed for stronger version of the ability. We have 745.64 Soul Energy, after spending 489 Souls for level 1. It'll take alot more than that for level 2.'

"Fine..."

'May we make a suggestion?'

"No, fuck you. I hate your guts."

"Let's hear it."

'If we get the Thick Skin Level 1 ability it should nullify some pain, not much but a little bit. It'll cost 700 souls though. The upside is that if we level up this ability a bunch you'll eventually be bulletproof.'

"Like Superman?"

'Yes, like Superman.'

"Fine... do it."

'Thick Skin Level 1 unlocked.'

Almost immediately the rather absurd pain in my ass and crotch lessens. It's still there but instead of a shooting awful pain it's a numbing nibbly pain. It's not much of a difference but it's enough for me to feel some relief as I fall asleep, despite the shitty ass smell of this car. When I wake up it's already morning and it feels much warmer. Not comfortably warm but not cold enough to hurt either. I cough as I open the door and drink my water from my bottle. I piss almost immediately as well, it seems I haven't regained control of my bladder yet. At least it feels nice and warm against my legs... and makes the car smell ever so slightly better than before.

I still feel sick but the dizziness and headaches are nearly gone so after about 20 minutes I decide to go out and look for some food and water... and a skirt or something to cover up my beautiful asscheeks with. I try to find the keys for this smelly ass car but no such luck. I doubt I could drive it out of this broken-down parking building anyway. I leave the cold dank garage and head out.

After wandering around looking for food and stuff for a few hours, I manage to find a vending machine, some canned peaches and some cheap bottled water. I spend about 15 minutes sitting down for a quick meal before resuming my search for stuff. I come across a guitar store and outta curiosity I head inside. I never learned how to play guitar. I guess now that I'm immortal I have no excuse to not try. But ahh well. The building is pretty much completely intact, except for one wall of guitars that are just shredded and no I'm not talking about epic solos. 

After about 10 minutes of looking at a bunch of different guitars I pick a Fender Stratocaster with some pretty nice features. Well it's black with red trim, just like me, heh, but yeah I don't know how to play this fucking thing and it's heavy so.. unless I find a working unlocked car or something I'll have to just leave it here. I plug it into a nearby amp and try to fiddle with it as I stroke the strings with my fingers. A loud mess of a noise comes out of the amp that sounds awful. Yeah I have no idea what I'm doing. The guitar is probably completely outta tune anyway.

With my interest sated for now I leave the store and look at what other ones are around. I finally find a clothing shop... well a no name Good Will-type thrift store but it counts. I look in the woman's section to try and find a short skirt that's my size. The selection is rather thin and I have a hard time finding anything that looks like something I'd even want to wear. Eventually I manage to find an old black skirt that was buried under some others, it could be punkish if it were torn in some places. But alas I try it on and it fits my fat ass perfectly. Nice. Now I'm finally covered up and can go outside without panties instead of without any bottoms at all. It'll do for now. Don't really wanna wear underwear until my bladder is back under control anyway. I find a modestly thick brown leather jacket and put it on. If I'm gonna feel colder than normal for the next few days it can't hurt to take.

I leave the clothing shop and walk through the empty streets and towards a subway station. There's a huge map of the city on display behind some glass or something. I smash the glass and take the poster map out and put it away in my bag, it'll hopefully help me to learn the city layout in the future.

Layout...

Dammit. I just realized something important. Seriously I'm lost... and I didn't want to admit it until now. Fuck. I've never been in this part of the city for my entire life, I have no idea how to get back to my homebase at school. I've been to the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport with my parents before but that was a long time ago... and a different part of the city from where I am now.

Fuck fuck fuck! I kick a trash can out of frustration, barely caring about my throbbing toe. Then I look at a nearby street sign. It says "Bryant Avenue". I guess I have no choice but to go down this street and see if I can find a landmark I recognize or something.

"Oh god I need more food." I cry aloud as my stomach rumbles loudly. I guess with my body recovering from... whatever... it needs to eat more than normal. Let's see if we can find a fast food joint around here that I can raid or something.

I find an A&W after looking for about 25 minutes, lets fucking go! Half of the place is torn to shreds but thankfully most of the stoves and the walk in freezer is intact. I grab some buns, heh, and patties from the freezer and cook them up. I don't really know what I'm doing so it's a learn as I'm going kind of thing. Hey I didn't cook much at home besides microwave stuff ok? Piss off.

Speaking of pissing, by the time I realize I have to go it's too late. My pussy just urinates on it's own. Dammit! Oh well. I can barely smell my own golden liquid anyway since the scent of the beef is so strong. Yay beef! After I finish gorging myself on mostly badly cooked burgers and getting drunk from all the sugary root beer and cola, I head back outdoors.

I take a long hard look around before deciding where to go next. I spot a huge mall that I've never seen before. It looks.. mostly ok so I decide to go inside. The sun is pretty low on the horizon and it'll be dark ina couple hours, this is probably a good a spot as any to spend the night. Besides there is sure to be a wide variety of stores to loot and obviously spending the night outside again would suck ass.

I make my way inside and begin to browse some of the businesses. I find a GameStop still intact and it's basically right next to a Best Buy. Hell yeah. It's been a while since I played video games but I guess I can do something to pass the time while I spend a few days recovering. I walk up to the counter and start browsing through the video game cases. A few of them look good so I grab one for each system. Super Smash Brothers Brawl, Halo: Reach, Resident Evil 5 and Silent Hill something something. I spent the next hour hooking up a Wii, Playstation 3 and X-Box 360 to a few of the really nice TV's in Best Buy. I also scrounge up a couch and a couple seats and plop them in front of the televisions.

The next day I finally regained control of my bladder and stopped feeling so cold. It was so nice being able to piss when I wanted to again, it seems silly but yeah, losing control of that was not fun or arousing in the least since I couldn't control pussy pressure and stuff. But ahh well. The day after that, I stopped feeling sick and my core told me I was basically back to normal, if normal was what I was like before I fucked myself over by ingesting too many souls at once.

On my third day inside of the mall the electricity flickered on and off a bunch of times before permanently going off. It's been about a week since the city was attacked by Sentinels so I guess it makes sense. I was surprised how long it lasted honestly. I don't know the science ok? I wasn't keeping track of time or watts or volts. With the video game couch potato marathon over I leave the dimly lit mall with some flashlights, batteries, water and canned food in my pack and make my way back outside. I toss my piss stained pants out in some dumpster, as much as it pains me I need the room for well, other stuff. Plus the lingering smell of urine was getting a tad distracting.

Anyway... moving on from dirty pants now.

I have to say that Sentinel activity seems to have increased, that or they've just been patrolling this part of the city more frequently. I occasionally heard distant gun shots and explosions going off while I was inside the mall but I didn't pay it any heed at the time. Well whatever, at least they ignore me completely after looking at me.

A short time later, maybe like three hours or so, I come across a rather grisly site. The smell of death is still fairly fresh in the air. I see a bunch of burnt out military SUV's and a couple of tanks. There's so much blood and guts everywhere. There's even a couple Sentinels right close by that are dragging out body parts and viscera from the recent skirmish. My first thought though, is how did the American military get so deep into the city? I turn around a corner of a mostly ruined skyscraper and I have my answer. 

Stretching out in front of me for hundreds of feet is a huge mess of war. What I saw initially was only the tip of the proverbial iceberg. Dozens of blown up tanks, vehicles, machines and corpses alike are scattered all across the road and seem to go on forever. Many of the buildings along the path are still smoking slightly from the conflict. Looks like the anthros lost though and lost hard, although there's still quite a few scattered shells of dysfunctional Sentinels scattered about the wreckage.

The smell is like a thick fog here and there are flies everywhere buzzing and flying all around me. It's a mess. I root around one of the SUV's that looks mostly intact. The stench of decay is strong but I hold my ground. I find a rifle and a few mags of what I assume are filled with ammo for it. Jackpot. I strap the rifle to my back and put the ammo in my bag. I'll play around with it later. I leave the battlefield and the smell of death behind me and slowly make my way towards a dilapidated apartment building. I eat a can of peas and drink some water. Not a fun meal at all but hey it's food.

I have been feeling an uncomfortable yet arousing pain in my pussy for awhile now so once I'm done eating I make my way inside and look for a toilet. I've not peed all god damn day so my clit was feeling really swollen by this point. As I walk into the housing area I see a sign for a laundry room, hmm that'll work I guess. I squirm with delight as I follow the directions to the room, my crotch dampening more and more as I look forward to taking a nice long warm piss.

Inside the laundry room it's fairly empty, only one washing machine and dryer. I unbutton and pull down my skirt and sit ontop of the top loaded washer once I open its lid. My floodgates wanna open up but I resist, teasing myself. I touch my slit softly, it feels very sensitive and I sigh lustfully. It's only been like four days since I masturbated last but it feels like forever ago by this point. I stroke my fingers through the folds of my cunt over and over again. My bladder is crying out to me for relief, it feels like it'll burst and my fingers are coated with my juices already. I bite my lower lip to try and keep myself under control as I struggle against my primal urge to urinate. However my fight doesn't last long at all.

Finally, the pleasure won out over my bladder's needs and my golden liquid starts pouring forth as I stroke myself with delightful bliss. I'm leaking so much now, and the feeling of my warm urine splashing around on my fingers makes me go wild with arousal. I feel my clit tingle with anticipation as my stream pours out with increased intensity, gushing against the inside of the washing machine and running down its walls in long streams. I feel it flow between my digits as they push deeper into my cunt, the sensation sends chills up my spine and makes my butthole tighten up with glee.

I'm feverish with arousal by this point and I moan loudly as I stroke my clit faster and faster, not caring about how loud I may or may not be. I can't stand it anymore, and with my hand I grasp myself, hard. I'm close... so close. My pussy is clenching hard around my fingers now as the erotic volcano of lust within me threatens to erupt. Oh god I'm gonna cum! As my digits continue to be assaulted by golden liquid I explode from deep within, my hips thrusting as I cry out, shaking with pleasure. "Yes! Yes! Ahhhhhhhhhh!" I moan. "Fuck yes! That's what I want, that's what I need!" I pant out. "Ahhhh fuck!"

As my orgasm slowly subsides I look down at my quivering pussy and smile. The urine is still flowing out of me like a broken faucet. It takes like two or three more minutes just for my stream to slow down and about a minute later the last drops of golden nectar escape my urethra. God that felt so nice. I love the fact that I piss for much longer now. Best superpower ever or what?

The scent of my urine is very strong in this room, since it doesn't seem to have much ventilation at all. Good, let it linger here forever, muahahaha! Ahem.. anyway...

Besides the stench of lady pee and girlcum I actually smell really bad. I haven't showered since I left my school base so... I stink. Stinky girl. Hopefully I can find a working shower in one of these apartments. There's gotta be a few hundred living spaces here, one of them ought to work. Plus, statistically speaking, half of the people living here were probably women, so I should likely find fresh clothes that fit me eventually? Right?

For both of those reasons, I take off my sweat stained leather jacket, heavy metal band T-Shirt and Black bra and I roam the hallways of the apartment building with naught but my backpack, rifle and baseball bat. I should have brought clean clothes with me to be fair but I didn't expect to get lost in the city ok? Get off of my ass. I'd like something in my ass to be honest but not you! Go away.

The first three apartments I check are locked, of course they are. I try to bash the third door open repeatedly but I just end up breaking my arm several times. It regens within half a minute but god damn it hurts. You'd think I'd get used to some of the pain by now but nope, it still sucks, a lot. I give up trying to open the large door with my limb and try bashing the handle with my baseball bat. Huzzah success! But my bat isn't looking too healthy though... I expect it'll fall apart fairly soon. Anyway I head into the apartment and the shower is broken, of course it is. Looks like a male lived here cus all I can find are boys clothes and a buncha boxers and tighty whities.

The fifth apartment I check is unlocked and thankfully the shower works... although there seems to be no hot water. Oh well. I can't be too picky, I don't even know how long running water will stay on in the city. Probably not much longer. I put my backpack and weapon to the side and start wiping all the sweat, gunk and matting out of my fur. The shampoo smells really fruity, so instead of using soap I just lazily use the poo of sham to wash my entire body. It's nice to be able to feel all squeaky clean again. After rinsing off as much as I can I take my time brushing my long black hair back and forth while humming. I find a handheld fur dryer and dry myself to the best of my ability. Now I'm good as new!

I raided a buncha clothes from another apartment, the fourth one, so I try some on and see what fits. I end up wearing a pair of pink panties, a basic white sports bra, some lame ass generic blue jeans and a puffy red shirt. Some other clothes fit me as well but I've packed them in my bag for later. Speaking of which my backpack is pretty much full to bursting right now so, can't really loot and carry much else at the moment. Oh well, whatever.

Time to go out and get some fresh air I guess, it shouldn't be supper time for another couple hours or so. I make my way to the front entrance of the apartments and that is when I spot it from my current point of view. Yup. It. A massive blob of Anthro Smoothie, trademark incoming, looks like it's sucking on a skyscrapers's dick about five or six floors up.

Don't ask me where a skyscraper's dick is ok? I do not know. I'm sure you could rule 34 it if you're interested. Ahem, anyway...

The point is, it looks all throbby and gross as per usual. But this one is like at least five times bigger than the other one that I recklessly ate within an hour. For some reason, this one is a deep shade of green but I recognize it all the same. What? Is this one lime flavored? Ahh balls.

'As long as we take our time, this should be safe to consume.'

"Fucking really?"

'Probably.'

Dammit. The temptation is real. Like an erect cock tenting through someone's white shorts in the hot summer. Like some babe's nipples that're poking outta her bikini. You get the idea. Fuck. I hated the recovery process but once again the super computer within me makes logical sense. Not that it knows everything, it clearly doesn't but fuck.

I got sick and nearly "died" from consuming too many souls at once because my body wasn't used to it. It should be reasonable then that if I consume them at a much slower rate I should be fine. I sigh and make my way inside and up the skyscraper, which is just your generic metropolis office building. I eat like 10 handfuls of the shit, maybe 11. My belly swells slightly and I think that's enough for now. I run back to the apartments, the one I like has a lovely scent and has a nice bed. I piss out a river once again in the toilet that barely flushes anymore. Feels so nice. I also feel comfortable and full, like not hungry at all. In fact I feel like having an after-meal full tummy nap so I do.

This goes on for about another week I think. I don't know for sure, it's hard to keep track of time lately since I'm sleeping abit more than usual as I safely gain small amounts of power. With 6093.55 total Soul Points to spend right now I choose to have an ability that enhances my reflexes. It's not to superanthro levels or anything but it's a start. With my smaller feminine frame, I think I could get more combat prowess outta attack speed than strength right now. I level it up to 3 and am left with just over 100 SP remaining.

By this time the Anthro Smoothie egg nest thingymajig has been reduced to about 50% of it's original size, I should be good to finish it off within like 6 days or so. That was the plan at least. However, when I go to it the next day... all I find is an empty gooey shell.

Uh oh. Did it hatch something? Is a monster now loose on the city? The fuck?

But no, of course it didn't hatch silly, it's just "food", not like an actual egg or whatever. I explore around a little bit and I hear something... or someone. I turn a corner and I see a bloodied anthro form in front of me. His fur is mostly white with green hair and his eyes are glowing bright red, just like the Sentinels. But this young man is no Sentinel.

He is a Reaper, like me. I'm not alone.

*013*2022-12-19 09:40

I apologize for the lack of sexy scenes in this chapter lol. Didn't feel right to put more in when most of the chapter is just kind of survival focused. Nevertheless I hope ya'll enjoy this shorter chapter. Plot is actually gonna start to progress soon since most of the early lore and exposition is complete.

Chapter 3 will be longer and probably more of a wait as my writing slows down around the holiday season.

*015*2022-12-20 07:58

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

Did you post another chapter? I don't see it

}}

Yeah it's pending review, which usually takes a few days. Dunno if it's just cus I'm new to the forums or if it's for everyone lol.

*016*2022-12-22 02:08

{{On 12/19/2022 at 12:44 AM, Layonn said:

Congratulations, this is turning out to be an excellent work, it left me really hooked on reading and looking forward to its continuação. Sorry for any grammatical errors I don't speak English I'm using a k translator

}}

Thanks for the comment, appreciate it. 🙂

*018*2022-12-22 07:17

{{29 minutes ago, orangelion said:

Yeah, it is cause you are new. But it's been a few days and your other comments are showing up. Are you sure the chapter hasn't been rejected? It might have violated some guidelines.

}}

I'm sure. it got approved today but then later on like a dingleberry I edited some grammar in it and now it's pending review again lol.

But yeah my story violating the guidelines has been a concern from the beginning. It's for sure overly violent in quite a few parts early on and "dark". It's not written just to be omorashi fiction which I'm sure is the primary concern of most of the stories told here.

I told a mod/admin the worst of what happens in the story and they said it'd be fine so, so far so good. But yeah it was up for like half an hour and I spotted two errors so, back to review it goes. 😞 lol.

*020*2022-12-23 00:51

{{6 hours ago, orangelion said:

I'm also getting more interested in the story and I look forward to how the introduction of another reaper affects it.

}}

Yeah things are about to accelerate rather quickly although I may slow it down a tadbit, we'll see. Glad you liked the pissing scenes xD. I don't know how good or bad they are tbh I just try to make em as long as I can without going overboard.

One day I'll write a good fap/rub, one day... 😉

*021*2022-12-23 08:31

Chapter 1 is still here. I just fixed more errors so it's pending review again. I really do read the chapters over a few times before I post them. It's just a writer's curse, to miss mistakes at the start and notice later. Hopefully it'll be visible again soon.

