Vaine, Goddess of Death, Sexual/Peeing Adventures Throughout the Multiverse (Insanely Long Story)

Author: Vaine Steele

*023*2022-12-25 14:07

Chapter 3: Jason? Jason! Jason?! Jason...

I'm staring at a young fox with blood stained clothes before me. Well he's probably older than me, I'd say senior college age like 21 or 22 or something, but still young. He's not like some old fart. Anyway, at first when he saw me he was leering at me like he wanted me dead... or maybe he wanted to put his dick inside me, I couldn't say for certain either way. But after a few seconds when we both realized we were Reapers, his demeanor calmed down quite abit. We kinda just stared at each other in shock for a tinch, since neither of us expected to see another one of our kind in this god-forsaken city.

He lets out a gruff chuckle before speaking in a rather outlawish voice. "Aren't you a little short to be a Reaper?"

I reply with a 'what the hell?!' look on my face. "How many Reapers have you met before mate?! What the bloody hell am I supposed to look like?"

Granted yes he's tall, like over 6 feet. I dunno exactly. What you want his dick measurements too? Well I can't see it so... hush.

"I apologize m'lady." He replies again in his gruff voice. "Making jokes is how I used to greet people, before... well, you know."

"It's whatever, don't fuss over it." I sigh as I scratch my head, my social awkwardness is surprisingly back in full force.

"I didn't realize there would be another Reaper here." He continues with a nervous laugh. "I thought I was the only one still alive in the city. Haven't even seen a wild or feral animal myself, besides like birds and shit. Even those seem to be rare these days."

"I mean I ran into survivors on my first few days of... this." I half-heartedly progress the conversation. "But yeah I've not seen any since. I assume the Sentinels got everyone or... some may have escaped the city, who the fuck knows at this point."

We continue to stand around awkwardly for awhile and then I remember the fact that half my Anthro Smoothie, TM, is missing.

"Did you uhh, did you eat my Anthro Smoothie?" I ask rather awkwardly.

He's kind of stunned into silence "What- eat your what now?"

"The bulging slimy pulsing alien ball of corpse goop that the Sentinels made, presumably. The dark green one on the other side of this skyscraper... I was slowly chipping away at it." I describe it rather explicitly.

"Oh, oh that. Nice name." He chuckles again, only this time sarcastically. "Yeah I ingested that this morning."

"But... there was like well over 6000 units of soul energy left inside. How're you alive right now?" I question with a very confused look on my face.

"Alive? What do you mean? I just consumed it, nothing to it." He looks just as perplexed as me.

"If I had done that- that so quickly I'd be dead, my body can't handle such a massive uhh... influx of power at once." I stumble some words as I try to explain my bewilderment.

All of a sudden his demeanor changes in an instant and he laughs hysterically for several seconds, it's really creepy and I get a really bad feeling in my gut.

"Really?! You can't handle such a small amount of power? It'd kill you? You're hilarious. I collected nearly 50000 soul essence units within 15 minutes once, when I found two big sources side by side. I'd say I'm close to a million now in total. Are you really that far behind in terms of your power? Shameful... how are you a Reaper if you can't even reap souls?"

I look at him with extreme disdain and fury.

'Our strong desire to kill him is noted but killing other Reapers is forbidden by our Creators. Plus, if what he says is true, we'd stand no chance in all likelyhood and just die in a one on one fight.'

I know that. I know. But god fucking dammit I hate it when people look down on me. I thought I was done with that shit. Obviously that's not the case. Even as a Reaper... am I just mediocre? If I am then how will this life be any different from the one I lived? It won't be. Fuck.

"Just stay the hell outta my way." He glares at me as he turns to walk away. " Maybe you'll get strong enough to clean up my shit filled toilets sometime if your lucky, although I highly doubt it."

I squeeze my hands so hard that they bleed as my sharp nails cut into my palms, but I grit my teeth and keep them there.

"Fuck you. I'm gonna prove you wrong and have you grovel under my boot one day!" I shout as beastly as I can, although I don't know if that's how it comes across.

He continues to laugh as he casually leaves, calling me a cunt and a bitch and whatever else, I don't know, I stopped listening. I turn away, back to the cheap stacked condos in a furious rage as I finally unclench my compacted hands and let them heal. After about an hour of tearing through apartments out of spite, I finally calm down. I have a meal then go out for a walk.

"Damn..." I mutter angrily as I stand in front of a convenience store. "I don't even know where to begin."

As much as I would rather not admit it, that green haired red-eyed cumbutter muncher is right about me being weak. I'm so pitiful that even my smart AI Core didn't know how fucking fragile I was until my body shut down.

Dominate...

Power...

Control.

Do I really have it within me to achieve my goals? What even are my goals? What do I want to accomplish? I enjoy killing and pissing but those are more like hobbies, they're not a stage in life that I want to reach. I just need to survive and get stronger and that's it. But will that be enough? I told that fucker that I'd get stronger than him... but dammit I do not know how. I've barely gained any power at all and yet look at how weak I got when I ingested just over 1300 units of SP too quickly. The fuck is this? Why the fuck is the universe punishing me so much? Why can't my body be stronger?

Damn. I just figured it out. That precum prick must have done something similar right? I mean it only makes sense from my perspective. That or I found a "loophole" that only a weak-ass bitch like me could benefit from.

'We want an ability that'd lessen and eventually nullify the negative effects of quick SP consumption right?'

"Yes. That should have been a priority for me once I figured out I couldn't gain power quickly. But I didn't know how slow I was at the time, I had no one else to compare myself to, as it were."

'Very well. To get started on that we need about 5000 souls, probably abit less. We need 4856 more units of energy at this moment in time.'

"Then lets get to fucking work." I say aloud as I feel a sharp jolt of pain from my privates.

Uh oh.

I drop my backpack and bat and try to make my way to a nearby alley so I can urinate in peace but dammit I was so angry and distracted that I didn't notice my bladder screaming at me. I turn around and head back to the nearest door into the abandoned shop. Dammit dammit... it hurts so much... but also hardens my nipples by like 150%. I'm such a freak but I don't give a shit, I give a piss instead. Bad jokes? Get used to it.

Anyways...

I hobble along inside the store with my right hand gripping one wall and my left hand suffocating my pussy through my blue jeans, hoping to find a restroom intact or something. I move so slowly because of my strained mini-me and it takes me like two minutes to shift my way inside the concrete bazaar. I look around me but it's so damn hard to see deep into the store, it's pitch black. I cry out in a half moan and half painful howl. My kitty is so damn sore and it feels like an explosion is about to go off inside my panties. I'm really horny now god damn, my anus is clenching and clenching hard from the arousal. I'm losing focus on my bathroom quest, all of my mental energy is directed to my damp buzzing slit right now. I must be a knight of the kingdom and continue to protect my pants from the evil wetness that threatens it.

I try to unbuckle and unbutton my jeans without pissing myself but the task is difficult. Everytime I push lightly on my lower abdomen, the whole house of piss just threatens to fall down and I yelp and giggle as I feel the torment inside of my nethers flare up. Finally I'm able to undo them let them clatter down to the tiled floor after about a minute of 4D chess with my bladder as my opponent. I squirm against the wall for awhile, enjoying the agonizing sensation as my vagina continues to cry out in pissful agony. Yes I know that's not a word.

I feel a very strange sense of embarrassment, despite nobody at all being here besides me. If I ignore the fact of me being on my own for almost two weeks now I still have a slight feeling that what I'm doing would be considered morally wrong, even though I said fuck you to morality awhile ago. I look down at my crotch and legs and get a wicked grin on my face. I'm just playing around and I know it but it feels so good to roleplay something that's not a tabletop RPG.

I begin to tease my clit through my pink panties and holy shit it feels more intense than usual. The two-headed ogre inside me wants to escape my urethral world of warcraft dungeon but I refuse to let it pass through the gates. I continue to stroke myself and bite my lower lip hard. I don't know how much longer I can hold it, I clench my vaginal muscles hard but I'm very quickly losing the willpower and strength to do so. I feel so wet and horny that I'm going mad with lust. A few drops of urine escape my slit and I panic with erotic glee. I rub my clitty harder and I moan as it twitches, like it's begging for me to let go of the tsunami that I'm trapping inside myself.

My fingers... feel so divine... ahh, shit, it's throbbing so much down there that I can barely stand up.

I laugh as I take off my puffy red shirt and white sports bra. My black nipples are so sensitive and I grip my left one furiously as my right hand continues to go to town on my cunt through the thin fabric. I can feel myself getting ever closer to my peak orgasmic bliss. My underwear feels tighter than usual, must be because my girlcum has made it very wet in a very specific place. I can actually feel it building inside me, like my whole body is vibrating with lewd anticipation. Well damn it's about to get wetter in more places really fucking quickly because I can no longer hold onto my golden lady juice. The beast has been unleashed.

"Ohhh fuck..." I whisper as the scent of my sex and fluids fill my nostrils.

I scream out with delight as my mind goes blank, my body completely consumed by pleasure and relief as I blast out girlcum and pee at the same time. My hands feel so dirty, they're covered in piss and vaginal fluid, It feels so good and I love it so fucking much. My body shakes violently as hot streams of Goldie Hawn gush out of my privates and continue to mix with my girlcum. My panties are soaking wet as my splayed stream of urine splashes all over my legs, I can hear my warm golden shower splattering hard onto the tiles below me and I let out a deep and blissful filled sigh.

"My kitty feels soooo soo soo good... fuck fuck fuck..." I grin as my feet's fur continues to absorb the warm puddle pooling below me.

I continue to stand there and piss everywhere, my panty fabric completely drenched by my recent bathroom break. The feeling of warm wet cloth clinging tightly to my camel-toed pussy lips feels outstanding. I keep my arms straight out to either side of my torso while I'm still standing upright, enjoying the site of my partially blocked pee stream as it starts to slow down. The pressure inside me subsides and I smile warmly at myself. This was a nice sexual distraction from an otherwise shitty start to the day. My flow is reduced to a trickle and then stops soon afterward. I love my scent, it makes me feel sexy and powerful.

I put my pants back on, leaving my piss soaked panties underneath them and still enjoying the casual feeling of warm liquid surrounding my privates and lower asscheeks. I wear my bra again but I leave the crappy shirt behind, I never liked it anyway. I make my way out of the store, grab my bag and bat and continue to explore the city. My pants dampen ever so slightly around my butthole and crotch as they take some of the liquid weight off of my pink underwear onto themselves.

I roam the city until sunset, not caring about where I'm going. I only have one goal. To find those Anthro Smoothies, TM, sacks before that leaf-headed bastard does. I don't find one however and I spend the night sleeping in some nationwide Hotel chain, Narriot or some shit I dunno, don't care. In the morning I eat in my facehole and piss directly into my pants, I don't even care right now. I smell awful and I haven't showered in a few days, I don't plan to for awhile. I'm dedicating myself to this shit and dying on this urine hill.

What?

Anyway, I continue to go off in a random direction again and come across a huge courthouse. Like damn it seems pretty useless... but those front pillars look pretty epic. I noticed long dried trails of blood that lead into its main doors so maybe the Sentinels put one of their gooey extraterrestrial ballsacks in here? Indeed they did.

So I hung around there for awhile. I didn't eat or drink anything else besides the corpse slushies, I never felt thirsty or hungry. I'd save on preserved food for now I guess. It took me about three days to eat this one, I think. I got abit sick because I ate it quicker than I should have probably but despite that I pushed through. I needed 3282 more SP at this point so once I finished it I moved on. My dirty jeans were getting rather uncomfortable, so I just left them at the courthouse in some random trash bin.

After about four days of navigating Dallas in my filthy underwear that left very little to the imagination, I found a second sac by part of Trinity River that runs through one of the industrial zones of the city. Inside a dock warehouse was a huge pulsing sac of brownish-red goop. Oh goodie. At least it was the biggest one I've seen so far, my AI core said it probably contained close to 25000 units of soul energy, like fucking hell.

By this point I was pretty sure it was the month of May now but I couldn't tell you the day. I tried to count the days by marking a wall with a counter, you know those lines that allow you to count by five at a time easily? Yeah those. I made like four of them before I was almost done with this supply of power. So I guess I was here for just over twenty days before I was done. By that point, I kid you not, my panties had been torn apart at the crotch from pissing so much and so furiously, My sore pussy has been in the open air for awhile now but I kept my shredded asscheek holders on for some reason.

I managed to get Soul Energy Resistance to level 3. Yeah that's what the skill was called. I dunno how limited it is yet though, since I just got it unlocked today, after finishing this monstrous jelly tumor. The fact that the nameless asshole with lime green head fur ate two of these in under an hour one day? Fucking nutty.

Well whatever, before I move on I cast my sports bra and torn panties into the river and watch them float away. To be honest the river seems alot cleaner than it was when you know, this city was alive. I decide to jump in and clean myself off. It's really deep but I just take a few hours and enjoy a nice skinny-dip public bath thing. I really should clean myself more often I guess but I've been grinding this real life xp hardcore like a gamer girl. I suppose it couldn't hurt to just take care of my basic hygiene in the future.

Anyway, I swim around in the dark waters for quite a bit, enjoying the freedom of being naked with no one else around. Eventually, I get tired of the whole wet liquid business and decide to get out and dry myself off while I look for more clothing. There's a ruined store not far from me. I manage to find a really nice rather high class clothing store for women. High class for me at least it was probably average for most other females but still. I find a cute purple bra with matching purple boyshort-styled panties and put them on. I love how they make my lower ass look.

I also find a nice and simple red dress that's easy to take on and off and will make going to the bathroom a breeze, once I move my crotch fabric to the side of course. I enjoy urinating in the store after I'm dressed and I feel quite horny, it's been awhile since I rubbed one out of me but I decide to go somewhere else for that. Would be nice to have a bed or something else soft to lay on. I leave the store behind and continue to explore the ruins of Dallas.

***

I come across a large bridge that stretches over a part of Trinity River and decide to cross it and enter the other "half" of the city. A day or two later of just roaming around and... I meet the grass colored hippy ass motherfucker at a public pool by a motel. He just seems to be chilling in the water. Maybe it's his day off? Regardless I would try to leave without him noticing me but uhh yeah that doesn't happen. He beckons me over and I entertain him, not even sure why I do to be honest.

"Been a while." He says rather casually as he lays and crosses his arms on the pool's edge and looks at me once again. I'm positive he's checking me out for sure this time. "For a weakling you are pretty damn hot."

"Still the massive rotten dick that you were before hmm?" I wave him off, what a surprise.

"What? You somehow think if I speak to you nicely in a fake and condescending manner that would be better?" He huffs, "Fuck that, the old world is dead."

"You don't have to be fake." I say as I approach the fence surrounding the pool. "But you don't have to be a diseased prick either."

"Yeah well it's not in my nature to respect those who don't deserve it." He retorts. "I thought you were one of those."

I feel fury building up within me again but I suppress it, mostly.

"You judged me based on something that's completely outta my control. You know nothing else about me or my fucking life before this... so you can just eat shit for all I care." I smile as I enjoy hurling insults at him.

He laughs, "Oh you've got some real nice attitude for a pathetic little twit." He says sarcastically.

"I bet you like calling people names huh? That must feel really good. I get it. But save it for the lowlife Anthros that are below us and dead. We're fucking Reapers, we survived this shit against all odds. That alone should be enough to earn one another's respect." I look him in the eye as I speak to him, I'm actually starting to feel really pissed off now.

He grins, "You're right. I've had a while to think since we first met. I shouldn't have disrespected you by default. But just because you have tits and a pussy doesn't make you special you know."

"I could say the same thing about you and your dick." I retort, slightly less bitterly.

He laughs, "Oh, is that right?"

We sit there and chat for a bit, we both seem to have calmed down now we're much more relaxed around each other. At some point during our conversation I ask him what his name was, since we never really told each other before.

"I'm Jason. I hope the Creators give me a better name honestly, when we meet them." He tells me.

I stare at him, rather perplexed. This motherfucker acts all cool and superior and yet seems to dislike his own name? Shit bro. Self confidence issues? Daddy issues? Who knows.

"I'm Vaine." I reply in kind. "It feels weird to have a conversation again... since you know, everything."

Jason smiles, "I know how you feel. It's kinda surreal."

I guess that's a good word for it. We talking for about another hour and afterwards my pussy is telling me that she needs to be emptied. I tell him I need to excuse myself for a couple minutes and head into a random motel room, looking for a rather clean area to piss in. Once inside, I open the door and look around. I see a dead potted plant in a corner, perfect. I lift up my red dress and pull my purple panties to the side and aim my kitty at the dry pot dirt. My urethra opens up it's pipes and I sigh blissfully as I urinate on the dead flora.

I don't have the greatest aim but the stream hits the edge of the soil with no problems. It feels really nice. I resist touching myself though, again. Don't really wanna masturbate with that douchebag Jason being so close. And even I have some standards that're higher than that you know? Despite this my pussy is really wet and I sigh deeply as I clean myself off with some discarded bedsheets. It's been a while since I've had a bath too, my fur feels dirty and my skin feels gross. I'll need to clean up again soon.

As I walk out of the motel room I notice he's still sitting at the pool, waiting for me I guess. "Hey asshole." I call him out.

He smiles, "Oh hey Vaine. You done?" He says, his voice rather cheerful.

"I'm out here aren't I? Of course I'm done. You really don't know how to speak to ladies do you?" I laugh, trying to get something out of him.

"You don't have to be so harsh about it... and what lady are we talking about exactly?" He comes back swinging.

I simply smile and sit back down on a pool recliner. "Fuck off." I say rather warmly.

He goes inside one of the nearby rooms. A few minutes later he has an axe in one hand, and some chopped wood in the other. well, chopped up bed parts or something. He arranges them in a sort of circular pattern, puts in some paper for kindling in the middle of them and lights it up. Within seconds a small fire is burning brightly.

"Uhh, impressive I guess but what is that for?" I question, not understanding what he's doing.

"Oh nothing really." He replies casually. "Just wanted to cook up a meal."

I'm kinda a dummy I guess. Of course that's what a fire is used for. Damn I haven't had a hot meal since the electricity went out like a week into this whole end-of-the-world thing. Well, it'll be nice to munch on something warm for a change. Get your mind out of the gutter. I could eat that canned mac n cheese that I've been kinda just saving for a rainy day. I get up from the recliner and sit beside him. The concrete is uncomfortable to say the least but whatever.

We watch the fire burn while we talk. It feels really strange... eating a meal... with someone again. I'm reminded of my parents for the first time since I went home. Shit. Well, they probably had quick deaths anyways, like most people who were killed by Sentinels. They loved this city though I'm sure, not leaving it is what got them killed I guess... and what led me to being reborn...

Eventually Jason asks me something as my mind snaps back to reality, "So Vaine... why did you join me today? Surely you've hated my guts since the day we met."

"I dunno, I guess I just had a strong urge to throw shit in your face, metaphorically of course." I respond with a bit of a ramble.

He laughs, "Ah so you wanted me to know how pissed off you were huh?"

"Well... yeah. You were a fucking douchebag with a superiority complex when we first met." I state honestly.

He chuckles, "That's just a bad habit of mine... I've always had a desire to be a leader, to order others around to do my bidding. Kinda wanted to be a king as a kid I guess. But being born in 1987 and in our current year of 2008, that wasn't going to happen."

"As Reapers, that's what we'll be. At least I think so." I reply with a smirk. "The vast majority of sentient life that lives will be beneath our feet, fearing us for their entire pathetic mortal lives. We'll be gods, far more powerful than any king or queen ever was."

"You don't seem too excited about it." He says to me.

I shake my head, "It's what we live for right? Our purpose is to serve the Creators and bring about universal peace, eventually. Or something. Yeah I admit I don't really care. Since becoming a Reaper it's just been fun to kill anthros."

He shrugs, "Yeah well... killing weak dumbasses is fun, for sure." He chuckles.

We keep talking, occasionally sharing idle banter here and there. It's starting to feel normal to have someone to talk to again. Jason seems rather smart though he acts pretty immature sometimes. Ok a lot of the time. And I still have a bit of trouble dealing with his attitude... but he's alright for an asshole like him. Eventually we finish eating and I help put out the fire. Then we sit and stare at each other, lost in thought as night slowly descends on the city. The stars are starting to shine brightly in the sky above us. I half expect him to kiss me like some cheesy scene from a romcom or something.

After a few minutes Jason breaks the silence, "Well uhh, it's been a fun day. I'm gonna hit the sack. Your free to take one of the other empty rooms for the night, if you want to." He says.

I nod and stand up, stretching and yawning. "Yeah. I'll grab a room and get some sleep. Night."

I head inside a nearby motel room and take of my red dress and purple bra and lay on the bed in naught but my panties. My body feels really sweaty now... even though the temperature in here is fine. But I guess I can't control my pussy when it gets horny like a buzzing beehive. I sigh, but this time in frustration. Why am I so flustered about a dumbass boy who hated me yesterday? I'm a Reaper goddammit not a highschool girl. Oh wait I'm both right now. Dammit what the fuck are these emotions flowing through me?

Well I guess it doesn't matter, what's done is done and now I have something else to deal with. I squirm as my legs press themselves together almost on their own. I try to force myself to relax but I can't seem to calm myself down. Every time I try to close my eyes I just think about Jason's cock sliding in and out of me... my cunt clenches in response. I moan quietly as my body starts to tremble on its own.

Eventually I stop struggling with myself and I just give in to my desires. I pull my panties aside and rub my clitoris gently before inserting a finger into my pussy. As I fingerfuck myself I softly grab my breast and squeeze it. Damn I'm so hot and bothered right now. Why? Why is Jason turning me on so much? Shit why did he make my kitty so wet and my heart beat so fast? I start rubbing faster now and insert another finger into my cunt. My body is shaking and it's getting harder to maintain focus on pleasuring myself with how turned on I am. I moan loudly, unable to resist the temptation of masturbating as hard as I can. The whole room is full of my horny scent by this point.

My privates are throbbing and it's making me crazy. My fingers feel slick with my juices, I'm dripping everywhere. As I keep rubbing myself faster and harder the intensity grows and my breathing speeds up. I feel myself building towards a powerful orgasm, every moving digit on my cunt sends shocks of pleasure through my entire body and my pussy lips clench around my fingers. I feel a wave of pleasure washing over my whole body as I climax and lift my hips into the air. I sigh blissfully as I release girlcum and fall back down on the bed panting. My muscles are all tensed up and my head is spinning.

When I look down at my hands they're covered with my own fluids. It's sticky and smells so good. I clean off my fingers my tongue, then lay my hand beside me. I can't help but smile. Jason... that dumbfuck... had made me cum. Well not directly but you know. God I really am a freak. This is a first for me though, I've never felt this aroused by another anthro before. Especially not like this. I should be disgusted by his presence or something, but all I feel right now is lust. A desire to make him mine in the worst way possible. I have so many feelings going on inside my head right now. It's overwhelming and I don't even know what to do about them.

Eventually the waves of pleasure begin to fade away and I start breathing more normally again. "God dammit." I mutter under my breath, sitting up and wiping the sweat off my forehead with some paper towel nearby. That little bitch Jason probably has his dick in his hands thinking about me right now. He's probably imagining me giving him a titty fuck or a blow job.

Or maybe he's thinking about fucking me with his tongue. Oh god that would feel so nice right now. Or better yet, he could shove his cock deep up my ass while I pissed all over him. That would feel incredible! Ugh, my mind is racing too fast for me to think straight. I cover myself up and try to get some sleep.

When I wake up it's morning already, the sun is shining brightly through the window and I'm feeling refreshed and rested. I take a peek outside and don't see anyone, so I leave my panties in my room and take a quick nude dip in the pool to clean myself off. After a couple minutes I run back into my room and dry myself off. I wear my purple bra and panties again, and put on my red dress. I really should pack more clothing in my backpack sometime but I don't care enough to. I'll just find a clothing store today and get some new ones.

I go into the bathroom, but I have to use the sink since well, no running water anymore. I mean yeah I could pee in the toilet as usual but pissing in the sink causes gravity to carry away most of it, whereas it sticks around in a toilet if you don't flush it. Ok ok it doesn't matter to me either way alright? Peeing in a sink is just more fun and exciting, that's all. I finish urinating and head outside. I've still got a bit of an sexual appetite after the massive orgasm last night. And the thought of Jason jerking himself off in bed last night makes me hornier than ever. But I've got to keep myself under control. I take a few deep breaths to try and calm down.

I knock on his room door but as I do so the door creaks open. No one is inside. Jason is gone. Great. Of course he is. Well I guess I'll just eat a cold can of beans by myself for breakfast. So lame. I only have a few cans of food left so I'll have to look for some today as well. Food and clothing, that's the agenda for today.

The first place I check is a store near the motel where they used to sell various clothing, electronics and household items. I grab three packs of low budget panties and bras since they're compact in their packaging. I pick out a couple large simple shirts as well, one with diamond pattern logo and the other with a donut and a fat mascot on the front of it. I don't really wanna bother with storing pants in my backpack. I strip off my nice red dress, unhook my bra and pull my boyshorts off. I find a really nice pair of creamy yellow panties and a matching bra that fits me. I also find a pair of dark denim jeans and a plain gray tanktop, which I put on. Now that clothing is out of the way, time to look for food.

I fill up on canned fruit, veggies, pasta and a couple tins full of shitty meatballs from a locally owned grocery store and plop them into my bag. It's pretty clunky again but I'll have nourishment for like five days and undies for like... nine? Good enough. My flashlight, switchblades and like two dozen batteries are still with me, I've just never really used them much and they've stayed in an outside pocket for over a month now.

I'm tired, it'll be dark soon. I guess I'll just find some place to eat and sleep and try to look for Jason tomorrow... or maybe I'll just focus on finding more Anthro Smoothies, that's probably what I should do. I head towards the easternmost parts of the city, looking for some place to rest. I pass a couple of gas stations and small motels along the way, but all of them are locked up tight. I just say fuck it and break into the second motel. There's a simple room inside the office where I assume the lame ass owner used to live. A couple dozen posters of mostly naked Anthro women adorn the walls. Lovely. They're all quite hot to be honest.

Nothing unusual happens really. I just munch on canned carrots, piss outside on the freeway and sleep on a small cot in the office. In the morning I drain my lady cunt juice into one of the motel counter's drawers and leave. I looked for Jason for about a week before I gave up. Like three or four days after that... I hear a scream so loud that I swear it bursts my eardrums. It didn't sound like an anthro at all.

Without even thinking I dash around a corner... and regret it immediately. I drop my backpack and aim the rifle on my back for the first time ever... as I prepare to shoot this little fucker in the head.

*024*2022-12-29 20:49

Another kinda shortish chapter but lol. I really enjoyed writing the edging/pissing scene so hope ya'll like it too, orgasmic peeing is one of my favorite personal kinks. Also we meet Jason who's uhh, something.

I've slowed the plot down from what I originally intended a few weeks ago so, we'll see how this restructure will effect it. If anyone thinks the pacing is too slow one could always lemme know.

Hope ya'll enjoy.

~ Vaine

