Vaine, Goddess of Death, Sexual/Peeing Adventures Throughout the Multiverse (Insanely Long Story)

Author: Vaine Steele

*008*2022-12-11 07:58

Chapter 1: The Extra-Terrestrial Siege of Dallas

I've just finished drying myself off after a shower. I'm butt naked. That's one good thing about being a Reaper - you never have to put on clothes anymore! I could get used to being a nudist during this whole end-of-the-world thing. I look at myself in a mirror for the first time since my rebirth and notice that my irises are now red. Aside from that my boobs seem to be slightly bigger but the rest of me is still the same hot babe from before. I narcissistically grin at myself, enjoying the sight of my nude form.

But nah I guess I will cover up a little bit... I mean... it's probably a good idea right? I don't want to come across as a perverted freak... at least not until my victims are near death. Gaining people's trust and then killing them sounds much more entertaining than just running at them wildly with my boobs and ass thrashing about. Although to be honest both of those sound quite fun.

Regardless I'm rooting around random girl's lockers for clothes and I haven't found anything nice yet. Whatever. I'll just raid a local clothing store or the mall sometime. Who knows maybe my house is still standing. I put on an ugly green basketball jersey to cover up my tits, although if you looked closely enough you could see my erect nipples pressing up against the fabric. I put on a clean pair of grey panties that aren't sexy in the least. Only three pairs of clean panties I found in here and these are the only ones that fit me comfortably. Dammit my ass is so big and hot, why am I cursed with such a force? Oh wait that's a good thing. I don't find any pants sadly so I guess I'm going out in my new underwear and not much else.

I decide to look around the school for a weapon of some sort. I need to kill people for their soul energy afterall and since I don't have any superpowers yet it's gonna be a pain to kill them all barehanded. Oh wait I'm stupid there should be some baseball bats in the gym. One of those would be perfect for now. I walk through the gym and find a bunch of dead bodies scattered about. Alot of them are gathered around the double door that leads to the storage room and it looks like it's unlocked. It's hard to tell how many are dead here since they're mostly torn up but yeah. One of the bodies has a spruce baseball bat next to it so I take it with glee. You have a new owner batboy!

I walk into the men's locker room and I'm surprised to find another survivor there. A male teacher, who appears to be breathing heavily while sleeping. He's still in better condition than the first person I killed but still, the surface of his chest and face are shredded to pieces. It doesn't look like he'll last much longer. I'm half tempted to take his dick out of his bloodied pants and suck on it... but nah, I won't. I need to go to horny jail. Bonk.

"Hi ho silver..." I say with a wicked grin as I smash his skull in. It takes several wacks for him to stop moving, my jersey gets splattered with more and more blood and my own sweat. That took longer than expected but hey I'm learning. Nobody said I had to be efficient at killing yet. The smell of fresh blood fills the room and I'm turned on a little bit more.

'1.13 Soul Energy gained.' My AI Core tells me.

"You don't have to tell me every time I kill someone." I blurt out with annoyance. "Just tell me when I get enough for the ability we discussed please."

'Fine.' The other me retorts. 'We could just display our soul energy counter in the bottom left of your vision if we wanted to.'

"Maybe later, not now." I reply as I make my way out of the locker room.

I search for more wounded survivors on my way to the cafeteria. I'm pretty hungry so I should eat something. Should be nourishment in there even if it's a shitty can of food. I'd really eat anything at this point. I'm half-tempted to even eat some corpses arm off right now.

"Oh boy." I mutter as I walk in. I can hear people talking to each other from the back of the room and they sound like they're arguing. A good sign... two people at least are still alive and healthy enough to be yelling. This should be interesting, although I need to be careful that they don't both jump me at once.

I crouch and slowly sneak over to them as my gray panty covered butt sticks out from behind me. They're arguing over who gets the food. A boy is saying that he got here first so it should be him but an older woman, or at least I assume she's old since her skin is a pale white, insists that they share equally or else no one should get anything. She points her finger at the younger male student.

"You heard what Ms. Johnson said young man, you share or you get nothing!" The older woman scolds with authority in her voice.

"Ms. Johnson isn't coming back! She abandoned us hours ago!" The student yells accusingly. "And I want food now!"

The other person sighs and says something under their breath. The student glares at her angrily. Perfect, he won't mind if I kill her now. I slowly creep up on them as they continue to bicker loudly. Coming up from behind her I slam my bat into the back of her skull. I hear her head crack against the concrete floor after her body topples forward. Blood gushes from the back of her neck and splatters across the ground. Looks like one hit did it for her. I must've not fucked it up like the last time. Either that or the base of the skull is easier to get a death blow on than the forehead. I really don't know.

I stare at the boy and grin as he stares at my panties. I can't tell if he's aroused or horrified. Maybe both. He's about average looking with dark hair and brown eyes. He's wearing a white shirt and a pair of black jeans. I think he's in the same grade as me but I'm not sure.

"Let's eat some food hmm?" I say casually while trying to be slightly seductive, despite my ugly clothing.

"Oh fuck off." He mutters angrily.

"What did you say?" I ask incredulously.

"I said get the hell away from here!" He yells at me, anger in his voice. He looks me over and then he laughs. "How long do you expect to live when you just casually go around without pants?"

"Longer than you if you keep trying to piss me off." I say with a glare.

He doesn't respond, instead he leaps over a table and tries to grab me. But he tumbles against one of them clumsily and falls flat on his face. He attempts to get back up but it's too late. I slam the butt, heh, of my bat down on his foot and he cries out in agony. The boy cradles his throbbing walking appendage with his hands and looks up at me with fear and hatred.

"Why're you being so casual about violence? Can't you see nearly everyone around us died today?!" He cries out with some kinda moral superiority complex.

"Oh are you a preacher of justice now?" I taunt. "You wanted her dead. I could see it in your eyes you were seething with anger. You just didn't have the balls to do it yourself."

"Go kill yourself bitch!" He shouts at me as he struggles to stand up again.

"I'll take that as a fuck you then." I retort with a grin.

I swing the bat again, this time hitting him square in the chest. This is so satisfying that my pussy begins to dampen from arousal.

Dominate. Power. Control. I'm in love!

"Ah..." He grunts as he struggles to breathe.

I smirk and show him my tits. I don't know why, I just felt like it. I shake them around and they bounce like I'm some kinda stripper on a pole.

"Just think, you'll never know what it's like to touch these." I tease coldly.

His eyes widen in shock and his mouth gapes open in surprise. But then I smack my bat across his face and his jaw gets fucked up.

"Pity." I breathe deeply as my clit releases more girlcum. "You could have taken my virginity if you were nice to me."

I slam him across the head like 4 or 5 more times. Not sure when he dies but yeah. Overkilling him is fun.

"You were pretty cute for a nerd." I say with an amused smile. "It was deliciously amusing beating your brains out. It would have also been fun to fuck them out but hey, now it's time to go get my food. I'm starving."

I find some instant spaghetti and eat it without a smile. It's not very good at all. But it'll do what it's supposed to, that is, keep me alive and nourished. After finishing my meal I search around for more survivors to kill. I manage to slay eight more that I find, more dead than alive. By this point my jersey is covered in blood and soaked in sweat so I take it off with disdain. I throw it on a nearby corpse and just go walking around with my panties on and nothing else. After about a hour of finding no one else, my inner self decides to talk to me again.

'Why don't we just eat the broken cores?' I ask myself.

"Wait what?" I ponder. "What are you talking about?"

'Anything killed by a Sentinel that failed to turn into a Reaper has a broken core somewhere inside of it. These cores only have fractions of soul energy in them, about 1/10th that of a standard lifeform but still, if you eat 10 of said cores and you'll gain roughly 1 point of soul energy on average.'

"Why didn't you tell me before fucker?!" I curse myself, literally.

'Because we didn't ask and we didn't think it was relevant. We thought we'd find more people to kill but alas there's not many who yet breathe.'

"Can you sense lifeforms around me and point me in the direction of the living?"

'Negative. Our external and internal senses are the same. We can only see what we see and hear what we hear.'

"Yeah yeah, whatever."

Having learned of a new source of soul energy I go to the nearest dead body, a young girl, and begin to examine it. The process is... very messy to say the least. But it's quite simple. I just follow the wounds and dig into them, looking for core fragments. The squishy sounds of rummaging around slowly rotting meat should be disgusting for me, instead I find it interesting, I feel like I'm learning more about my own female anatomy.

When my breasts and hands are covered in fresh blood up to my elbows I find my first fragment.

'That is about half of one.' The AI tells me.

It looks like a buttplug, well size wise I mean. It's huge. It shines a bright red when held at a certain angle in the light. The broken side is jagged but the rest of it is smooth. It's very pretty and ominous at the same time.

"So this is what you look like?"

'Yes.'

"I don't know if it'll fit..." I joke sexually.

'It's not a buttplug don't put it up our ass. All we have to do is swallow it, we can absorb it then.'

"Ok.. here it goes..."

I try to bite down onto the core but my jaw shatters from the impact. I cry out in agony. The pain is almost as bad as when I was fatally stabbed although it's a completely different kind of pain. Just when I'm wondering how I'm gonna go on surviving with a fucked up mouth for the rest of my life, my jaw slowly heals itself and after about thirty seconds and my face and teeth are fine. The pain is completely gone.

"You fucker!" I yell at myself as I spit up my own blood. "What the fuck was that?"

'One. Don't chew it just swallow it whole. Two, all Reapers start off with a basic ability to regenerate. As we told us earlier unless our core is damaged, we can recover from any wound, given enough time.'

"You just love to withhold information from us don't you?" I say as I inadvertently start sounding like my other self.

I try again this time attempting to swallow it whole. It is very difficult. Like a fat cock that won't slide into your vagina. Ahem, anyways.

After several attempts it finally goes in and I feel a sharp cutting pain from within my throat and I cough up blood and mucus, alot of blood. My throat heals in about 30 seconds but damn that was very unpleasant.

"I think I'd rather just kill people..." I say while choking violently. "Eating that core was like eating a glass shard it was awful."

'It is a quicker way to gain soul energy, at least when it's at the level of our slow kill pace so far. Faster soul energy gained means more power gained. Or in our case less time we have before we no longer need to poop again.'

"Speaking of which..." I say aloud as I head to the bathroom.

Don't worry I'm not gonna write this. It'll hopefully be one of the last dumps I ever take anyway. After finishing and cleaning myself up I roam the school once again. It's getting pretty late and the bodies are all mostly starting to stink pretty badly. Another day or less and eating cores will be still be painfully terrible and taste disgusting too on top of that. Eating rotten meat sounds so bad, I don't even wanna think about it.

I head back to the girl's locker room and pull the bodies out of there and drag them outside. The exterior air, which should be refreshing, smells like ass and smoke instead. The bad kinda ass too. It smells like an ashtray filled with dead leaves smothered in shit... or something.

After I move the bodies out I drag a high jump mattress from the Gym's supply closet and jam it into my now makeshift living/bed/bathroom. This will kinda be my base of operations for awhile so, may as well put a nice mattress here, or one as comfortable as possible anyway. I drop my borrowed gray panties to the floor and have another cold shower. It feels so good on my fur and I enjoy pissing myself in the anthro-made rain. I'm turned on alot but I resist touching myself for now. After I'm clean I dry off and walk out of the locker room naked. I can't be bothered to dress myself in random clothing right now. I take the bat with me, along with a couple duffle bags that were filled with dirty clothes that I just dump into a corner pile. Gross.

I make my way back to the cafeteria as I yawn. We're going to have to sleep soon. I shove as much food in the bags as I can carry, which is only about 20 cans and 5 or 6 light bags of.. some kinda powdered food and make my way back to the gym. Along the way I stop at the nurses office and grab the nicest pillow I can find from one of the beds. I grab a super thin blanket as well, I don't like thick ones.

I could sleep in here but ehh, I like the idea of having my bathroom, shower and bed in one place. The girl's change room is really one of the only areas I can do that in. I make my way back there and put the food in one corner and just lay on the bed for awhile. Sadly the downside to this place is that there's only a super bright light switch on or it's dark as hell and off. Nothing in between. No windows here because naked teenage girls have to be protected from the naked teenage boys and other perverted staff members who may enjoy spying on kids. I have to keep the lights on just for safety. Last thing I need is to get strangled and raped in the dark. Maybe I'll find one of those blindfolds that cover your eyes for sleeping somewhere, I dunno.

I squirm uncontrollably. Damn my clitoris is buzzing so much. I reach down to my vagina and start playing with my slit. My pussy pulses with sexual energy and carries pleasant feelings throughout my entire body. I can feel a bit of liquid dripping out of me onto the thick mattress beneath my ass as I close my eyes and sigh. It's like my senses are turned up to eleven and I can feel every drop of vaginal rain warming up my inner canal. I try to imagine myself somewhere far away... as a queen flying a dragon through space... or something.

'We seem to be enjoying ourselves.' The AI says rather suggestively I might add.

"It's nice and warm and comfortable and I'm alone! Hush. You said you see what I see and hear what I hear but do you feel what I feel?"

'Yes, although we're a machine, We don't understand how such feelings work completely. But our body is our body. It feels really nice.'

I plunge a finger as deep into my pussy as I can and feel myself getting wetter. My anus clenches as thin wet lines of girlcum leak onto it. I moan and grind against my finger as I continue playing with my kitty. I can hear it going "schlop schlop", like a broken washing machine that's spraying water all over the place. My pleasure grows and I start to massage one of my breasts, which also starts to feel nice and pleasant, like I'm standing by a crackling fireplace with a cup of coco between my tits. Breast fireplace coco heat yay.

'We can feel our body heat. Our skin is very warm. We can also see your heart rate and breathing has increased bloodflow to all your outer holes. We are very aroused and very happy. We like this feeling, a lot.'

I look down at the bedding underneath me. "Hmm... I wonder how much girlcum is leaking from my silt." I ponder as I moan louder and without self restraint. My entire body feels lighter even though it's harder to breathe. If there is a heaven this has to be what it feels like... being touched by sexual divinity.

My pussy feels like it's about to explode but I keep going, exploring every inch of it's interior with my index and middle fingers. My other hand moves down and slides down between my legs until my middle finger makes contact with my anus. I stick a single finger inside and squeal with delight. Oh my god my butthole is so sensitive right now. I don't understand why it feels so great but it does. A few tears of sexual joy come out of my eyes as I continue to probe my anus.

I can clearly smell the scent of my sex now, it's quite pungent actually. I love it. My nose gets all tingly as my finger begins to make circles inside my butthole and my breathing speeds up even more. I can feel the warmth radiating from deep within my cunt and my asshole starts twitching and squeezing tightly around my middle finger. My entire body is aching from these new sexual sensations, I cannot think about anything else right now.

I begin to rub my clit faster and faster, It feels too good for me to slow down. Oh fuck. So fucking good... and it makes me so excited for sex in the future. I moan louder than I ever thought possible, feeling waves of ecstasy wash over my mind as my body shakes. I cum and I cum hard, my eyes roll back into my head as my pussy squirts out a huge stream of girlcum. My entire body convulses from the sudden influx of pleasure. My body is covered in thick streams of cum and I squirt out another torrent of juice. I'm dripping wet but I continue rubbing myself, still unable to stop squirting. This isn't going to end anytime soon and it feels soooo good...

After about five minutes or so my orgasm finally subsides and the sexual heat in my body begins to dissipate. The room smells like my vagina now, it's really nasty. I relish in it though. This is the aroma that will cross the noses of bitches and bastards who fuck me. It's the scent of my power... my domination... my control.

"Ohh.. ohhh.. fuck..." I whisper while looking at the ceiling. "That was awesome."

I take several deep breaths, I can feel my body still shaking. My pussy twitches pleasantly as it lets out a small stream of pee that I guess didn't escape me when I was in the shower. I didn't even notice that I had to go but damn, feels like a nice finisher to a great evening of self-love. My first orgasm ever... and it was here. At this school. Where all this shit started. I now understand all those boys and girls who wanted to get into my pants. Now I kinda wished that I had let them. Oh well, there will be plenty of people for me to fuck eventually.

With that, my first day as a Reaper came and went... and already my main goal in life was killing and fucking. That's pretty much a Reaper's whole purpose right? I felt at the time that killing people didn't matter to me, it was just as natural to me as breathing or... self-fucking.

***

Either way in the morning I get up and eat a meal, my pussy squirming all the while. I really have to pee but I want to save my bladder juice for something today. I have to admit, I am really horny at this point. In fact I feel horny almost all of the time now since I know how amazing an orgasm is. The anticipation of the next one has me all fidgety in my seat, well that and my almost full bladder of course. After my munchies I put on another ugly Jersey, grabbed my baseball bat and walked outside. Yes I realize I'm walking out in public with my butt and slit exposed. If I accidently pee myself I don't wanna have to clean up a pair of panties alright? Ahh hell I don't ever wanna do any laundry ever again at this point.

The smell of the bodies and the stench of smoke in the streets are starting to turn into something far worse. I guess if the city keeps burning and the bodies keep piling up that will be only natural. Looking around at the destruction and chaos is fascinating to me. I've seen many movies about the end of the world and shit like that but I never thought I would get to see it in my lifetime. What a time to be alive. I notice more Sentinels patrolling the streets which freaked me out at first, but they scan me and completely ignore me since I'm already infused with a core.

My pussy cries out for attention but I just giggle as I struggle to walk straight. "Heh, it feels like my pussy is drunk or something. Yes I know that makes no sense."

I walk along in desperation, both enjoying what I am doing and regretting it at the same time. The lude fantasy of someone seeing my bare ass and pissing myself uncontrollably at the same time is keeping me very horny and wet. I stop and clench my crotch several times but then I keep going.

After about 30 minutes of sexually aroused yet painful walking I'm standing in front of my house. It looks mostly intact, aside from the random car flipped over on our front lawn. My clit is just begging for relief at this point as my horny meter grows higher. My urethra walls feel like they're expanding in anticipation of what is to come.

I make my way inside my home and close the door behind me. I held onto it... I'm surprised to be honest with you. I guess I don't truly know my own bodies limits yet.

"Hello?" I call out in a soft voice.

I'm not sure if my parents are still alive or not so I need to be careful. I'd have a tough time explaining my lack of pants and bloody bat away within a casual conversation. The TV in the livingroom is on, a breaking news story is flickering on and off. But besides that the house is creepily quiet. I grab the TV Remote to turn it up then bolt into the kitchen.

I whimper loudly as I position my clit over the sink. With a slight hiss, like gears that have begun turning, urine begins to flow out from between my pussy lips. I squeeze my kitty muscles as I giggle and the stream of pee grows stronger. As I relax, a large torrent gushes out of me and heats up my entire lower body. My thoughts are filled with only pleasurable enjoyment right now. My bladder is emptying itself rapidly at this point and it's flowing out into the metal drain and making a rather large mess of loud splatters. My nethers feel nice and fuzzy as I take a deep breath and feel divine relief.

I can feel my kitty twitching with each little drip of fluid that splashes from between my legs. Each drop makes like my pussy feel like it's saying "Thank you... mistress. I can breathe again."

I'm very wet now and not just from my urine. My pussy feels like a sopping mess and my juices are all over my pubic fur. My overpowering scent is one of piss now. It fills the house as I finish peeing and I feel all fulfilled and happy inside. My tail is wagging joyfully at this point as I let out an amused "Ha!" The thought of someone finding my pee everywhere gives me one of the biggest smiles I've ever had.

I lift up my foot and step away from the sink, wiping my pussy clean with my fingers. I sit on the couch and stain the cushion with my wet clitoris as I watch the news. The news caster is some old fuck, really unattractive and gross. Regardless pretending that he can see my aching crotch as I spread my legs makes me feel good.

"As we approach the 48 hour mark of what has been dubbed 'The Extra-Terrestrial Siege of Dallas', the federal government has continued to assure its citizens that the aliens who've invaded the city are not a threat to the rest of our country or the world. They continue to insist that the threat is contained and will not spread. Many citizens and politicians alike disagree however as massive riots have broken out in dozens of cities across the USA today, as political tensions are higher than they've ever been in a long time. We will continue to keep you updated as new information comes in. God bless you and god bless America."

Pff... God. If there was a god here you think he'd stop an alien race from making new evil gods. But no that didn't happen. Well, at least it's nice to know that the rest of the world is still here.... for some reason. That just means there's more people for me to kill and power up off of.

But why aren't the Sentinels going to other cities? Other countries?

'This city has been chosen to be the main battlefield where we will train, while our strength and that of the other new reapers grows.' The AI Core within me chirps. 'If there are any new reapers besides us of course.'

I nearly piss myself from being surprised at it randomly talking to me. Well, I would have pissed myself if I still had any left to give.

"You can read my mind hmm?" I say aloud. "Guess that shouldn't surprise me."

'Indeed. We are of one mind and one soul. We are one. Our fates are bound for eternity. You are me and I am you.'

"Yeah yeah I know." I wave the inner voice off in my head as I take off this bitch-ass ugly basketball jersey and go upstairs to my room. I pack a bag full of a dozen sets of panties and bras and about 7 black leather pants and dark heavy metal band shirts. I also grab my three black leather jackets that I own along with some gothic jewelry and accessories that they didn't allow me to wear at school. I then look at my computer to see if the internet is still up. It is not, surprise surprise. I grab a second smaller bag and stuff about 25 of my favorite CD's into it.

I put both bags outside of my bedroom door. I then turn my attention to my CD stereo which still has the one I bought a few days ago in it. I've not listened to it yet so I'm gonna do so now. I crank up the volume so much that it hurts my ears and begin to headbang away and dance in my birthday suit. I'd never be allowed to play my music this loudly. Even if my parent's weren't home the damn super religious neighbors would lodge a noise complaint. In fact they have before, twice. They always called me a Satanist although that was never true. Motherfuckers don't know that's what Black Metal is, not the Metalcore that I know and love. Fucking idiots. (I love you Black Metal Fanboys/girls/others don't hurt me. Wintersun is my fav Black Metal band although they mostly don't count.)

I enjoy the CD so much that I play it twice all the way through and two hours pass. I decide to add a 26th to my bag outside of the door.

I'm almost ready to go downstairs... but I don't quite yet. I put on a white T-Shirt that leaves very little to the imagination. I'm still horny and stupid enough to go out in public bottomless again. But first things first... I need to pee one last time before I leave this place forever. I grab my phone and position it on the bed and start recording what will technically be my first porno video. My heart is racing as I click record.

With a satisfied sigh, I bend over and place my ass above the edge of my bed. I close my eyes as I concentrate and I begin to empty my bladder once more, feeling the pressure escaping my pussy like a untied balloon being let go. I squeeze and release and squeeze and release, letting my pee flow out from between my legs. As I relax my slit twitches and lets loose another large torrent of piss, soaking my bed sheets evermore. My nethers feel nice and warm as I turn to look at my phone's camera and laugh loudly. "Hey boys and girls... enjoying the show?"

My clit is hardening up now and I begin rubbing it with my fingers. I have a big grin on my face as I feel my arousal building as my urine stream slows down but doesn't end. I stop stroking my clitoris for a second and open up my pussy lips, teasing the non-existent viewers on the other side of the camera. The wetness of my sex is all the more clear as it shines. The stream of yellow liquid splashes all over the entire screen of my phone and continues flowing. I squeeze my pussy lips together to get the last drops of piss out and then shake my ass seductively.

"Ya'll like that?" I tease as I hold the phone camera and lift my shirt to show off my black nipple breasts. "I'm still a virgin right now but uhh, hopefully that won't be for long. Later guys." I stop recording and put my phone in my bag, along with its charger. I pack a couple of switchblades knives which are all the weapons I have. Maybe sometime I'll look through more houses to see if someone else gathered weapons for the apocalypse? I dunno but it's a possible option. I go downstairs to have one last meal in this shitty ass house and then I leave it behind and head back outdoors.

Having an exposed bottom and feeling the warm spring air glide along my pussy and anus feels so nice. I decide to head towards the school again so I can drop of my clothing and music at my homebase. Before I arrive however, I come across two people who are not my classmates but they look like high schoolers. They both appear to be male anthros and they're looking my way as well. It looks like they're staring at my beautiful pussy but I'm not sure if I'm just imagining things.

The one I am most concerned about is a tall, thin pigman with jet black hair and blue eyes. His clothes are dirty and raggedy but it appears that he was once a rich kid. The other man has brown fur, brown eyes and dark black hair. He wears an old mismatched uniform that looks like it's been crudely patched together from some Good Will clothing bins.

"Hey you!" the pigman shouts. "Get your ass over here right now!"

"Yeah?" I call back in a mocking tone. "What could I possibly want to do with you?"

I turn around to walk away as his eyes begin to flash angrily. But before he can say anything, the veteran soldier begins to run towards me and tackles me to the ground. I shriek loudly as his huge hands clench into my fur. With my mouth wide open I can't scream or shout even though I'm trying to. I pull out one of the switchblades from my backpack's outer pockets and stab him in the neck repeatedly. He lets go of me but I continue thrusting until I have jabbed him about 8 times in total. He falls limp to the ground and I sit up as I take a deep breath.

My ears are ringing as blood pours down the front of his uniform and drips onto my feet. My nose is bleeding slightly as well. I look up at the pigman who's just standing there dumbfounded and in disbelief as I wipe my knife off. I wield my bloody baseball bat like a battleaxe with both hands as I sneer at the filth in front of me.

"You want a serving of death too?" I taunt. "Don't underestimate just because I'm a girl you little fuck bastard."

The pigman takes a step back as he looks at me with utter disgust. He spits at me with disdain as he points to the bat in my hand.

"You little shit," he squeals. "You're gonna pay for that!"

He runs up to me and tries to grab me like his former comrade. That won't work on me twice you idiot. I dodge to the side but he somehow turns his body at the last moment and grabs onto my shirt, tearing it apart and exposing my breasts. I don't even have time to be embarrassed as I open up my switchblade which I was still loosely holding onto with my left hand. I quickly move in to stab his neck but I miss... and it goes straight into his eye instead. He screams and curses as he writhes on the ground in pain while clutching his face, the blade still embedded in his socket.

As he lies on the ground saying obscene things to me, I get a rather cruel and naughty thought. I place my anus directly over his filthy nose and I sit on his face with all of my body strength. I plan on staying here until I see and feel him stop breathing. He tries to tear at my ass with his hands and nails. He scratches me badly and it hurts like hell but I don't let up the pressure. As I'm feeling his gross snotty orifices on my butt cheeks I smack his crotch with the baseball bat for fun. Although I can't get much force in my swings due to the position of my feet and the fact that my fat ass is literally suffocating him. But that doesn't matter. It eventually stops him from digging his claws into my butt, literally, and he just squirms there in a panicked and pained mode. It must've been hurting him a little afterall.

Dominate. Power. Control.

Beating on his swollen broken manmeat makes me feel pretty silly but I laugh and keep doing it anyway until he lays lifeless beneath my bare bottom. My ass is screaming at me in pain but in a matter of seconds I have regenerated and my ass feels like it's back to normal, even if it's covered in gross pigman snot, spit and blood. Afterwards I wipe off my privates with one my very recently ripped shirt and I move on, walking the rest of the way back to my homebase naked. They don't have anything worthwhile to loot in terms of weapons so I just leave them both there to rot. After all... they attacked me first. Not that I didn't wanna kill them but you know.

I walk down the sidewalk towards the school and head inside. I store my stuff inside the various girl's lockers in my base and I throw most of the garbage outside. What you think I'm gonna care about the environment? Fuck no. Don't worry... I'll save the planet by wiping out most if not all of the anthros who live on this world. A few dozen dirty panties and gym clothes aren't gonna do that much harm. Besides... they smell like they haven't been washed or cleaned for months so I'm sure they'll just rot faster and return to the earth quicker or whatever.

The only real problem now is that I need a new weapon. This spruce bat is serving me pretty well but it's just not gonna cut it in the long term. If I ever have to fight a large group of angry people right now I'd be fucking raped as I'm torn to shreds. Plus the wood is chipped in quite a few places. It will probably only be able to bash in like a 20 or 30 more skulls before it breaks completely. So I go check around the school's athletic equipment room again. I pick up few more baseball bats and actually find a hammer that was used to nail in those dumb plastic stakes into grass to set up a volleyball net outside or something. It's small and bulky but it could be used as a close range weapon, if an awkward one.

Tomorrow... I'll head to a police station or a gun shop or something and grab some arms and ammo. Maybe the replica sword shop in the mall has some nice weapons as well, although I assume most of those blades would be dull as fuck. I could learn how to sharpen weapons and I'm sure I will. But the internet is down right now so... what can I do. What? You want me to go to a library? Are you mad?

I dunno, I'll figure something out. I have to.

***

A few days pass... and I only killed like 5 more people in that time. I didn't find any guns at the police station and the gun shop I know about is locked up good and tight. I don't have the tools required to break into it, so I'm basically up shit creek without a paddle. I also went to the library yesterday and found out that I need something called a whetstone in order to sharpen blades. I have no idea where the fuck I'd find one of those so alas the 4 cool swords I raided from the replica sword shop are useless right now. My best guess is that I need to go to a local The Home Depot and maybe find one there. I dunno ok I've literally never had the need to sharpen a sword before. The problem is I have no idea where one is.

Lastly before I head out... I should mention that something strange has been happening lately. I've noticed less and less dead bodies around when I travel outdoors... and I swear that the corpses around the school have dropped by like 50-60%. I've not come across any infected cyborg zombie motherfuckers so I dunno what the fuck is going on, it's just weird.

Anyway as I lie in bed naked while having these thoughts I rub my aching clit and get up. My nipples are still hard from rubbing them earlier and my pussy is all wet from the dirty and violent dreams I had last night. I was a sexual wizard, infecting everyone with horniness. It made sense at the time ok? I can't really control that... yet. Regardless I sit my ass down on the toilet and take a nice long relaxing wake up piss. It only stirs my desires and doesn't quell them at all. My clit feels like it's going to melt so I reach between my legs to touch it as I'm peeing. The warmth of the urine flows across my fingers and I begin to massage it gently. I moan loudly as I do this but no one else can hear me so whatever. I look down at the small puddle forming on the floor and continue to masturbate as I stare at my hand and the pee dribbles slowly seep onto the floor.

"Oh yeah..." I breathe. "Fuck. That feels good."

I stop peeing but my fingers do not. I rub my clit harder, pressing it against my digits. It begins to tingle and itch, making my eyes flutter. As soon as it starts getting hot, I know what's about to happen. My pussy begins to leak even more of her juices as small streams of girlcum begin to run down my thigh and drip off my hand. I feel my orgasm building up inside of me, threatening to burst forth with such great force.

"Yes..." I groan. "Oh god... yes."

I'm going to cum all over myself! My eyes roll back into my head as I feel my orgasm approaching in full force. My whole body is trembling, my breathing is heavy and shallow, my heart pounds in my chest as my legs start to shake. It grows hotter inside of me but it doesn't burn. It just feels like a heatwave radiating through my vagina and anus. My fingers begin to twitch and I jerk them away from my cunt with all my might. I let out an ear splitting howl as I begin to squirt liquid all over the floor. The walls, my hand, the toilet, the bathroom floor are suddenly drenched in my cum. My thighs spaz out as I continue to ejaculate, spraying every inch of the room with my sweet sticky honey. It runs down the sides of the toilet and splashes on my feet and my hands. As I sit there with my mouth wide open I breathe in deeply and laugh at myself. After my orgasm subsides, I flush the toilet and go take a shower.

The shower is rather uneventful so I just clean myself up and get dressed. I put on a pair of black panties and a black bra, slide on a pair of my favorite umber leather jeans and wear one of my heavy metal T-Shirts. I grab a baseball bat from my makeshift armory, along with a backpack with a water bottle and energy bar inside for loot and I leave the locker room. I decide to head out into the city once again, this time going in a direction where I don't know what I'll find. Hopefully some hardware store or something that sells.. whetstones. What a weird word.

I'm only walking for about fifteen minutes when I first see it. It looks like an egg but it's very... alien looking. It seems to faintly be glowing red and it's kinda see-through. It also appears to be floating in the air too which is fucking unnaturally creepy.

What the fuck is this thing?!

*010*2022-12-17 10:31

{{2 hours ago, orangelion said:

This story is pretty unique and the pictures really add to it.

}}

Thanks for the comment. 🙂 Chapter 2 will hopefully be finished and posted soon. Probably by Sunday. can't say how long the approval wait will be but lol.

