Relief Pro - $9.99 a Month

Author: VantaOmo

*000*2025-04-30 15:08

This is my first attempt at writing an omo story, inspired by works like

- The City Without a Ladies Room

And

- The Continence Mandate

I'm pretty slow getting stuff done, so I figured I'd put out the first couple chapters to gauge interest. Chapter 1 sets up the story and is light on omo, Chapter 2 is where the omo scenes really kick in but might not make much sense without the context. If you read it, please let me know what you thought and if you'd like to see more!

Chapter 1: Card Declined

Kira arose from a restless sleep. This semester had been unusually tough on her; recently estranged from her parents, she was left working a part-time job as a barista at the campus coffee shop to make ends meet. After what felt like her millionth 'breakfast' of an energy drink and a protein bar, she tapped into the bathroom, had a quick piss and set out for the cafe.

After a few hours of serving mediocre coffee to surly customers, Kira needed a bathroom break. But she was the only one on shift, and company policy didn't allow her to vacate her position without a replacement. After an uncomfortable hour of Kira pressing her slim legs increasingly tight against her tingling pussy, she stormed off during a quiet moment and went for a piss anyways, not exactly getting paid enough to care about someone having to wait a couple minutes longer for their espresso.

Kira stepped into the staff restroom, tapped her phone, took a relieving piss, and retreated as she had done so many times before. But when she opened the door, she was confronted with her boss - an imposing and short-tempered man who didn't get along with the mostly young female baristas, and was probably perving on them.

"Why have you left your post alone?", he demanded angrily. A quick peek of the head revealed a lineup of customers that had appeared out of nowhere.

"I had to use the restroom", Kira meekly replied.

"That is no excuse. You are such a whore, violating company policy on my watch!", he barked.

Kira was quickly driven to tears, but this only enraged her boss more; next thing she knew, she was turning in her uniform. Unwilling to perform demeaning acts to satisfy her boss' lust for power, she joined the latest in a line of young women who cycled through the infamous coffee shop.

Left freshly unemployed, Kira retreated to her dorm. Paid for by her well-to-do parents before the estrangement, it was one of the nicest units on campus; a luxurious duplex located in a building reserved for the wealthiest students. Of course, with her bank account balance dwindling into the negative, Kira no longer really belonged here; a quick glance at her phone revealed the harsh reality, as yesterday's grocery trip had brought her down to a 9 dollar net worth. With employment protections a thing of the distant past, Kira resigned herself to the fact that she probably wasn't getting today's paycheck, and went to sulk in bed.

After drifting into an aimless nap, Kira awoke to a notification on her phone of a declined payment; her $9.99/month subscription to Relief Pro couldn't be renewed with such a small balance in her account, and her benefits would terminate immediately.

Kira had been a loyal Relief Pro subscriber since it was first introduced in 2037; she didn't even remember what exactly she got from it, just that she always set aside money for it every month. Was it priority bathroom access? She had a private bathroom in the dorm, no big deal. And for that matter, her bladder was pretty full again after downing her second energy drink of the day. She walked over to her bathroom, grabbed her phone, and held it up to the pad, only to see an imposing red icon appear with a message she had never seen before:

"This is a Premium Toilet. Your Relief Basic plan only allows you to use Basic Toilets. Tap here to find the nearest Basic Toilet or here to re-subscribe to Relief Pro.."

Now she remembered.

She'd seen the 'basic toilets' marked in some of the common areas, and in the crappy building one of her poor friends lived in, but had never been inside one. She was getting annoyed and a bit desperate, but no big deal; worst comes to worst, she could borrow some money from her roommate to get the subscription back. For now, she had to take care of a pressing need, so she tapped the button to see where the Basic Toilets were..

"There are 4 Basic Toilet locations on your campus. Opening hours: 3:00AM-5:00AM"

A quick glance upwards revealed the current time of 3:23PM. The problem started to become urgently apparent.. But it didn't seem possible. How could people without a subscription only get 2 hours in the early morning to pee? Convinced it must be a technical glitch, she headed down to the closest one; naturally, it was at the other end of campus, her bladder filling up the whole way as the diuretic effect of the caffeine hit her.

Relieved to see the lack of a lineup, she walked into the small, dingy bathroom - with bare concrete walls and a toilet that looked like it hadn't been maintained in 30 years except to install the tap pad and locking mechanism, it was pretty gross, but her bladder wasn't exactly picky at this point. She tapped her phone, only for the same icon to appear with yet another imposing message...

"This toilet is currently closed and will open at 3:00AM."

It was true. Frantic, she immediately messaged her roommate and begged for money, to no avail; her roommate was always a bit of a bitch, and she responded with nothing but a skull emoji followed by a painful ghosting. This was when the gravity of her situation began to set in; she was so degraded financially that she couldn't even afford basic bathroom services. And next semester, she was probably going to end up in the crappy building, the one so poor that they actually put Basic Toilets in it.

Stricken with embarrassment from her downfall and afraid to ask anyone else, Kira resigned to wait it out; she was a pretty decent holder, she could handle a few hours without a piss. Of course, she still wanted to go through her daily routine, her next stop being to attend one of the school's daily "watering sessions".

An event unique to colleges sponsored by the famous beverage and bathroom service holding company Yellow Holdings, these were sessions where students would be made to drink large amounts of water for free credits, in order to promote better hydration, or something like that. Everyone did it, since it was practically free credits for just a few minutes of water chugging every day, and loyal students would sometimes get picked out from the sessions by Yellow reps for jobs.

Obviously, she had some reservations about showing up for the session without being able to release her waters afterwards, although the idea of breaking her streak was almost too painful to bear; she was just one day short of what she needed for the next set of credits, and was near the threshold where the Yellow recruiters start noticing you. But when she walked back into her own building and saw on the bulletin board that there was a $5 bonus in Relief credit (one of the Yellow companies) for attending this one, it seemed like a no-brainer; she could show up, get $5 in credit, and spend her last $5 to get Relief Pro back and finally be able to use her own toilet.. or any toilet.. again.

She arrived at the booth to a crowd that seemed considerably bigger and poorer than usual, full of raggedy looking people in various states of visible discomfort. She quickly began to suspect that she wasn't the only one with this idea, as she was shoved away upon heading up to take a drink, overhearing people incessantly asking when the credit would be applied to their account. Eventually she stepped up, being handed a 1L water bottle and told to chug; she drank the whole thing in a few seconds, preparing for the hell that would arise once the water hit her bladder but more than ready to let it out.

Kira diligently tapped her phone as instructed, only for the girl manning the booth to get on a loudspeaker and make a startling announcement;

"Just so everyone knows, the credit will be applied to your account in 48 hours."

Shock and horror spread across the crowd. It was more than clear what was going on; lots of hopefuls with no subscription had came in a desperate effort to get their credit, only to find that they had just stuffed their bladders with an ocean of water that they would have nowhere to empty until the toilets opened at 3 in the morning. The mood quickly turned chaotic, with a cute guy Kira had never seen before suddenly laying his hand on the bladder bulge that was increasingly protruding out of her slim frame and expressing his condolences. Kira said nothing and ran back to her dorm in panic.

Left with no money, no toilet access, and a bladder that was filling up well beyond anything she had ever held before, she had little choice but to try to distract herself through the night and pray that she could get to one of the Basic Toilets in time. She considered 'alternative' methods of relief, but her entire time at this college it had been drilled into her to never do it; with Relief-provided sensors across every square foot on campus detecting the presence of urine and the sound of peeing, she knew that she would be quickly triangulated and punished, up to and including expulsion.

The whole state was owned by Relief, so there was no point in trying to leave campus to find a free toilet. She would just have to brave the 48 hours, and start job hunting again as soon as she could get her mind off the throbbing ocean in her bladder.

Chapter 2: The Long Wait

The time was 4PM. It would be 11 hours before Kira could even hope to have a piss. With torrents of liquid hitting her bladder every second, Kira was overwhelmed with waves of desperation, feeling the deep throbbing pressure in her lower abdomen and pussy grow along with the insatiable urge to press herself up against a water bottle or something and just PISS. But she would never risk that.

Instead, she took her blanket, curled it up into a ball, and squeezed it between her legs, keeping herself nice and sealed. With the tiniest sliver of relief, Kira set an alarm and attempted to fall back asleep, but it was completely futile; with caffeine still surging through her veins and her bladder bothering her constantly, she couldn't even stay still in bed.

The waves of desperation grew more and more intense as every drop of that bottle hit her bladder. Soon enough, she was left more desperate than she had ever been in her life, painfully uncomfortable in every position she could find; and there were still almost 11 hours to go. Distracting herself proved impossible as her pussy screamed to let out even just a small spurt, something she seriously considered doing before slapping herself back to reality. Her lower abdomen began to take the shape of a watermelon as her bulge became rock hard, with even the lightest touch sending waves of intense need through it and making her murderously tempted to piss out a spurt or two.

She awkwardly stripped down to nothing but her black lace panties, the removal of pressure being the best relief she'd felt in hours yet making her crave real relief all that much more. She spent the next several hours in a half-delirious state, rubbing herself against her blanket in an attempt to distract herself using her increasingly sensitive clit, at one point bringing out her vibrator before realizing that she'd probably end up pissing all over it.

Alternating between frantic masturbation and squeezing things between her legs in a meager attempt to make the pain stop, she became thirsty and went legs-crossed to the kitchen for an ironic glass of water before lying down in bed for a second attempt to sleep. All she could think about was peeing; no position, attempt to block the dam or distract herself could prevent her from suffering in absolute desperation from her bladder's stretched-out fullness, pressing up against her pussy with unimaginable force.

By 8PM, she was sitting in bed, stripped naked, clutching herself in absolute agony. Even the lightest touch on her bladder was more pressure than she could bear, with her arm wrapped around her melon-sized bulge to directly press her hand against her pussy. At this point, she wasn't even sure that she could make it to the toilet, with even the slightest movements bearing a risk of making her spurt. A torrential downpour of rain came to further torment her - at this point, it seemed clear it wasn't even physically possible for her to make her to 3, with her bladder getting dangerously full and her mental desperation reaching its absolute limit.

Kira decided that she had to piss NOW, even if it was only to take the edge off. She didn't know exactly where the sensors were or how they worked, just that they were supposed to be all-seeing; in no state to try and figure it out, she went for the safest option she could think of, gently sliding her panties back on and gearing up to let a little out. With a deep breath, she let out a tiny spurt just to see what would happen; the relief was orgasmic, making her involuntarily moan and spasm from just the tiniest drop of release. Her pussy began to spasm with an absolute undying need to piss more, but she did not relent, throwing her barely-pissed panties across the room and clutching herself harder than ever before in an attempt to soothe it.

Unfortunately, mere seconds later a terrifying notification appeared on her phone - a Urinary Violation had been detected in her dorm, and inspectors had been dispatched to investigate it. Kira's adrenaline overcame her bladder, making her jolt up in terror, toss her panties out the window and get dressed, standing fully clothed while clutching herself doubled over in obvious desperation waiting for the inspectors to arrive. Soon enough, a knock on her door came.

"Is this Kira Ashburn?", the imposing female officer in a psuedo-law enforcement uniform asked.

"Y-yes", she meekly replied in obvious distress.

The officer smirked, clearly having seen many such cases before.

"We've received reports of a urinary violation at this location. Do you mind if we just come in and have a look around?"

Kira obliged, and the officer entered and began digging through Kira's things, pointing some sort of gun around to scan piles of clothing and secluded spots where someone might be tempted to relieve themselves. Kira stood in utter embarrassment, watching helplessly as the officer dug through her belongings, inspecting her vibrator and making jabs at Kira's apparent ability to afford luxuries but not a toilet subscription.

After going into the bathroom and checking the toilet lock, the inspector was seemingly about to leave when an alert flashed on her phone. With a look of anger on her face, the inspector suddenly handcuffed Kira and tied her to a bedpost, telling her to wait while she did an important investigation outside. Kira was left writhing in desperation and panic, knowing very well what had likely happened and now unable to even grab herself for relief. She shuffled around, twisting her legs into a knot while she moaned and whimpered, praying for the torture to be over soon.

The inspector barged back in, holding up Kira's panties. An awkward interrogation followed:

"Are these yours?"

"No..."

"Then why do I have a report of someone pissing without authorization in this room at 8:14, followed a minute later by this disgusting thing being detected outside? I know you pissed in this, and I'll have your infraction doubled for lying to me.

"I.. I couldn't help it.. The free toilet doesn't even open for another 7 hours.. I can't physically hold it that long, it's not safe!!"

"If you can't control your bladder, you should get a fucking subscription. I'm sick of all you useless poors pissing everywhere. Just yesterday, I saw another girl like you piss herself in front of me at 6 in the morning, saying she couldn't even get into the free toilet.. She's locked up now where she belongs. Are you gonna do that too, or will you be a good little poor and hold it and use the fucking toilet when it's open?"

"I-I'll hold it.. I won't piss anymore.. I promise..", Kira cried while twisting her legs as tears dripped down her face.

"We'll see. I have to give you 2 infractions, one for an unauthorized spurt and one for lying to me. One more, and you're done."

"I-I understand.."

"Do you? That means NO PISSING outside of a fucking toilet. Are you REALLY going to do that?"

The inspector poked Kira's bladder, making her recoil in pain as her pussy spasmed.

"I don't believe you."

The inspector stripped Kira down, forcibly spreading her legs and putting a small cup under her pussy.

"If you piss one drop in the next 5 minutes, you're done. This is standard procedure."

Kira could do nothing but cry and endure it as she spasmed nonstop, unable to grab herself or do anything at all to take the pressure off. Her dam came inches away from breaking, and the whole time she was paralyzed by an intense desire to piss in the cup, overflow it and make a puddle on the floor, but she endured. 5 minutes of torture later, her legs snapped back together and her arms went free as her chains were removed, prompting her to return to a twisted-up holding position.

"I'll be back soon for your arrest", the inspector snidely commented before walking out.

At this point, getting arrested was starting to look like an appealing option; no need to worry about money in jail, and nothing worse that could happen if she were to piss.. or so Kira thought. But she endured, and decided to at least try to make it to the toilet, knowing she wouldn't be nearly as eager about it after she got her relief.

Kira decided to knock herself out with a sleeping pill, barely enduring the urge to shove the bottle under her pussy and piss into it as she popped a pill, set her alarm for 2:50am and went into an uneasy sleep.

###

To be continued in Chapter 3, hopefully!

