Test of Spirit (A League of Legends Fanfiction)

Author: V.A.I.

*000*2025-09-23 19:38

Hey everyone, here is the first chapter of my first attempt at fanfiction, starring Miss Fortune from League of Legends. If anyone's familiar with my other works, I'm used to writing in a more everyday style, but I tried to switch it up this time for some out-of-the-box practice. Nevertheless, I've been having a blast writing it so far. Let me know if you guys would like a chapter two, and as always, enjoy!

Chapter One: "Move!"

"Go, captain, go!"

Sarah Fortune chugged tonight's sixth mug of ale in one go, and lifted the empty mug in the air in victory among the enthusiastic cheers of her crewmates, surrounding her in a circle. Stood before her was Isobel, the cannoneer of the Syrens, still barely able to get down her fourth mug, not even finished halfway.

"Give up, Isobel," Miss Fortune put down her empty mug on the tavern counter and approached her struggling crewmate. "You still have a long way to go before you out-chug your captain."

She then turned around to face the rest of her crew.

"You all do, you hear me?"

"Aye, captain!" The crowd cheered back once again.

"Oi," Miss Fortune then turned around once again to face the bartender, pointing at her empty mug and her defeated crewmate's as well. "Another round, on me."

Cheers filled the tavern once again, as the hours of this cool Bilgewater evening went by.

Few things Miss Fortune and the Syrens loved more than a hard night’s drinking after a harder day at sea. Today, they had found themselves at The Brine Widow, a tavern leaning over the dangerous waves of The Great Serpent Sea, known as Nagakabouros' Teeth—sharp rocks hid just below the surface; ready to swallow any unaware or unlucky first-timers and the rotten hulls of their ships. The air inside reeked of salty ocean water, wet wood and gunpowder; tables and chairs looked like they were made from the pieces of the very ships claimed by the great deity of the sea. 

Lanterns swung from the wooden beams, casting what dim light they could onto the slivers of moonlight seeping through the cracks in the walls. The clinking of dice and coins occasionally cut through the loud chatter of the crowd and the thudding of ale tankards hitting the tables. Every now and then, a particularly strong wave shook the wooden anchor beams beneath the floorboards, swaying the entire tavern firmly but gently—a reminder from the sea god Nagakabouros of its presence.

Though the tavern looked weathered and grim, its crowd sang and cheered regardless. Sea shanties were sung, the crew gambled away their share of the day's earnings, and barrels upon barrels of drinks flowed—often leading to impromptu drinking contests to see just how fast and how much it could. The rules were simple: a circle formed around two or more contestants, and they drank until all but one either left the circle, tapped out, or passed out.

Miss Fortune had made her reputation not only as the de facto leader of Bilgewater after Gangplank's death, but also as the undisputed queen of drinking contests. Whether it was the sweet, briny ale of The Widow or the harsh black rum of the Slaughter Docks, she could put down a dozen challengers before even needing a breath of fresh air. She’d faced them all—ferocious captains, veteran bartenders, even all her own crewmates. Once, she’d drunk three of them under the table in succession. And tonight was no different: a trivially easy victory over her long-time crewmate Isobel, who had thrown in the towel just after four mugs of ale.

Miss Fortune stepped out of The Widow’s door and into the salty breeze of Bilgewater’s docks. Her long, wavy scarlet hair caught the evening wind, nearly blowing her captain’s hat free. Her heels clacked against the creaking wooden planks as she walked—still carrying herself with elegance and grace, even after seven mugs of strong Bilgewater ale. Pistols hung at her waist, strapped to a belt above black sea-serpent leather pants that wrapped snugly around her hips and legs, traced with golden motifs. Leather boots rose to her knees, while the clink of bracelets and ornaments on her arms rang faintly over the sleeves of her cropped white shirt. The gust bit at the strip of bare skin her shirt left uncovered, sending chills up her back.

But neither the air nor the winds were anywhere close to the more pressing issue she faced—the mugs of ale she had so proudly and show-offishly gulped down through the night finally wanted out, and soon. Of course, having to run outside doubled over with hands between her legs in the middle of a contest counted as leaving the circle, and thus a loss, so having a strong bladder was an unofficial part of the drinking competitions. And she would sooner die than admit she couldn’t control a measly bodily function in front of her crew. What a show of weakness that would be, for the queen of the Syrens.

That said, she was certainly no stranger to the pressure gnawing at her abdomen. As the female captain of a largely male crew, chances to relieve herself away from prying eyes were few and far between. Sometimes they sailed for a full day without anchoring, and with crew everywhere on the ship—and her position ensuring all eyes were often on her—it wasn’t uncommon for her to go from dawn until night without relief. Only when they finally anchored and she could slip away to some secluded spot, tug her pants down, squat, and release a day’s worth of pent-up pee, did she get some relief.

She had been successful at hiding every sign of her need while inside, where—unsurprisingly—every pair of eyes was on her. But now, outside in the chilly seaside breeze that only made things worse, she realized just how desperate she was. It wasn’t out of her control—never was—but her body seemed to think otherwise. She caught herself pressing her legs together and leaning forward ever so slightly, easing the pressure on her full bladder. Her body constantly reminded her of the urgency, but she quickly shut the signals down with willpower.

"Alright," she sighed. "Time for a break."

She headed for the outhouse behind the tavern, her steps calm and composed on the outside, but slow, tense, and deliberate on the inside. Glancing down, she could see the bulge of her bladder pushing out against her tight pants and belt, swollen enough to shift the waistband lower. She gently grabbed her belly—finding a moment where no one was around—feeling it rock hard, straining downward and forward with the weight of its burden.

She quickened her steps as she neared the last corner before the outhouse. Just before turning it, she forced herself upright, tugging her belt and waistband back into place—much to her bladder's protests, but if anyone was nearby, she couldn't afford to appear anything less than her usual confident self. She took a deep breath, doubled up her efforts and rounded the corner.

What she saw had her in a momentary panic. The tavern's only outhouse, made of the same rusty planks as the tavern itself, not only had its wooden door on the ground, broken in pieces, but also a line of several women waiting in front of it.

Seven or eight stood waiting; pirates who’d held it in through hours of gambling, protesting at those ahead to hurry along so they could get back to the tables; barmaids finding the first moment of freedom to pour out something other than drinks; even one or two familiar faces from her crew.

Every woman in line looked at least restless—otherwise they would still be inside, drinking, singing, and gambling. Some were openly desperate, dancing in place or grabbing their crotches without shame. Some had legs so tightly crossed they trembled. Whosever turn it was either had to bare herself from waist down and unleash their bursting bladders before the entire line, leave the line still full, or beg for the women behind her to cover up the open doorway for some much needed privacy.

Of course, Miss Fortune would never humiliate herself with any of those options, no matter how bad it got. “Screw it,” she muttered under her breath, turning away from the outhouse line and heading deeper into Bilgewater’s backstreets in search of somewhere secluded.

After a few minutes of walking—her body filtering more and more ale into her swelling bladder—she came upon a cluster of worn, leaning wooden houses. Behind them, a tangle of withered bushes looked like they’d provide just enough cover. Relief at last. She slipped behind one of the houses, braced her back against the wall, unbuckled her belt, and lowered herself, ready to finally let go.

“Toilet, toilet…”

She froze. Footsteps were crunching closer through the bushes behind her. With a sharp breath, she sprang upright from her half-squat, clamping down on muscles that had already begun to relax. Her body protested furiously, but she forced it back under control—it was not time. Not yet.

A moment later, Isobel stumbled through the bushes, bent double with her hands jammed between her legs, shuffling in tiny, desperate steps. She gasped when she nearly collided with her captain.

“C-Captain?” Isobel blurted, her voice tight with strain as she fought to hide her need. “W-What are you…”

“Isobel.” Miss Fortune was just as stunned, silently thanking the heavens she hadn’t been caught a few seconds later—mid-relief. “You alright?”

“A-Aye, Cap’n, I just…” Isobel shuffled her legs together, her urgency written plainly in her voice. “I just had a lil’ too much to drink, ’s all…”

“Ah, got it.” Miss Fortune tried to ignore her crewmate’s obvious desperation—along with her own—as best she could. “You need help?”

“Thanks, Cap’n, if I could just—ah…”

Isobel suddenly jolted, eyes flashing down to her crotch as she clenched her grip tighter. Panic broke through her strained composure. “Cap’n, I’m so sorry, but I have to—”

In a blur, she yanked her hands away from her crotch, tore her pants down to her ankles, and dropped into a half-squat. The moment she did, her body gave in. A torrent of clear pee burst from her, splashing furiously into the packed soil at her feet, scattering pebbles as it struck. The stream hissed violently, the sheer force of her release sending up wisps of steam in the chilly night air.

Watching it unfold was a nightmare for Miss Fortune. Every sound of her crewmate finding the relief she herself so desperately desired sent shivers down her spine. She clenched herself with every ounce of control she had, doing her best to keep her composure as the now-relieved Isobel pulled her pants back up with a long, shaky sigh.

“Phew, really needed that.”

As the relief washing over her slowly faded, it only made Miss Fortune more aware of her own desperate state. I’m still full… Still holding… The thought made her dig her nails into her palms involuntarily. Meanwhile, for Isobel, the realization that she had just peed full force for a full minute in front of the most powerful woman in Bilgewater finally dawned on her.

“Shit, Cap’n, sorry ’bout that,” she quickly gathered herself.

Miss Fortune couldn't care—her mind was occupied.

“Looks like I beat you pretty bad, didn’ I?” she forced a smirk. “Well… when you gotta go, you gotta go.”

“Aye, true that.”

A brief silence settled over the night as darkness deepened.

“So uh… Cap’n,” Isobel continued. Don’t ask it, Miss Fortune thought. Not now. “What are you doing here?”

Trying to keep herself from turning red only added to Miss Fortune’s struggle—as it was rather obvious why someone would be abruptly standing in this nowhere of a place.

“Nothin’.” She forced a nonchalant tone into her voice, now on the verge of stuttering. “Needed a moment away from the hustle and bustle, ’s all.”

“Right.” Isobel nodded. “Well, cap’n, I’ll leave you to it then.”

“You go on ahead. I’ll take a short walk down the streets.”

Miss Fortune nearly blushed at the thought of Isobel piecing things together, and decided to leave as well—much to her bladder’s protests. Once again, she had come so close to relief, only for it to slip away.

She knew she didn't have much time left. She had to find a suitable place, and fast. She walked for what felt like an eternity before finally stumbling upon the back of a large building, shielded by plenty of trees and bushes to hide in. The structure itself almost looked like it didn't belong here; its exterior was far less worn out than its ramshackle surroundings. Though made of wood, the architecture looked sturdy, the planks polished and without cracks or gaps in between. And the most unusual of it all was the well-upkept garden surrounding it—greenery other than wilting seaweed and wild roots in thin soil was a rarity in and of itself in Bilgewater. Various ceremonial bells and green-brown wooden idols hung from the ropes surrounded the walls, clanking against the outside of the walls and jingling as the wind blew.

Miss Fortune did not think much more about it—wherever she looked, she saw nothing but a potential toilet.

Relief was finally within sight, and with her patience fraying by the second, she hurried deep into the back garden and pressed her back against a tree. Feeling the release imminent had only made her struggle even worse; every second stretched into minutes as she felt the first drips of urine slip through her first line of defenses, burning the end of her peehole. With sheer effort, she willed herself a few more moments. Knees and thighs clamped tight, she fumbled with her belt and the string of her pants, hands trembling throughout.

Seconds mattered. With one last swift motion, she popped open the top button, a tiny gasp of relief escaping her lips as her swollen bladder had found some more room to expand into. It was time. She grabbed the waistband of her pants and undergarments together, ready to yank them down and finally unleash the ocean inside her.

But fate had other plans.

Gods were not done with her.

The winds shifted direction. The ground beneath her trembled. Lights flickered at her feet—blue, green, and gold. The night deepened in contrast. The soil growled as the winds swirled harder, stirring the growing flickers, merging with them. Gradually, the coalescence gained life and form, splitting into four around her—shaping into something that was neither matter nor light, but energy and spirit. Four dark-green and spectral blue tentacles lashed free from the ground, flickering ominously.

Miss Fortune froze. The tentacles grew larger. More menacing. Darker, warmer.

A sharp, sudden thud drew her attention from the corner. She aimed, fingers trembling on the trigger. Adrenaline surged through her, sharpening her reflexes—and temporarily suppressing her still-bursting bladder. She held her breath and prepared herself.

"Move!" Only a command emerged—not a person. Then a second, louder thud.

Miss Fortune caught movement in the corner of her eye; a flash, gone in an instant. And then—the tentacles surged.

With no time to adjust her aim, each tentacle wrapped around a limb, grabbing so tightly at her wrists that her pistols were forced from her hands, clattering to the ground.

Miss Fortune struggled, trying to free her hands and feet from the warm, unyielding grasp of the tentacles. She winced as her body jerked, feet half a meter off the ground, arms and legs pulled wide. The more she flailed, the tighter they held. She was powerless.

Then, and only then, there was movement in the corner. First, footsteps—slow and deliberate. Then followed an imposing shadow, stretching long under the moonlight. The tentacles trembled as the figure approached, as if drawing their energy from the person emerging. They grew warmer. Vibrating with surge after surge of power. Excited. Alive. Mother was on the way.

The Kraken Priestess, Illaoi, revealed herself.

End of Chapter One

