Lindsey and Kayla are happy together

Author: Vermilion

*000*2021-07-16 08:40

Lindsey opened the door with one hand, a grocery bag in another. Kayla followed a bit behind her after she positioned her coffee cup on the top of the car to grab on a return trip.

They had been out for nearly three hours, Lindsey was desperate to pee and Kayla wasn’t much better. Lindsey slipped off her shoes, put her sunglasses up on her hair, and finally relaxed her body. A hissing noise quickly emerged as she peed in her leggings. Kayla followed behind with another two bags. She looked over at Lindsey and admired her complacency to pee her pants as soon as she walked into the comfort of her own home.

“Oh come on you make me want to give up right now”

“No wait, don’t go, just stay here” Lindsey grabbed Kayla’s hand and pressed her thumb in her palm. “Just stand here for a minute” she looked up at the ceiling and closed her eyes while pee ran down her legs and pooled on the doormat at her feet.

Kayla stood for 15 seconds shifting her weight on her feet, unable to reach the same state of zen in her discomfort. “Lindsey I gotta go, if you’re gonna keep me here at least let me pee in my pants?”

“Shh shh shh… zen.” she whispered.

Kayla rolled her eyes and clasped her fingers around Lindsey’s as she began peeing in her pants. Her jeans quickly darkened, soaking up her pee which hissed louder than Lindsey. She took a long breath, the kind you take after getting home from a long day, and exhaled while letting herself wet her jeans to her heart’s content. A tiny secretive smile formed on her lips.

They stood peeing in happy silence for twenty seconds.

“Aaah this is bliss, I needed this today”

“That’s what I’m here for~ why bother with the toilet when you’re exhausted?” Lindsey remarked. She always tried to make her house a second home for Kayla. She knew how to read her eyes and feel what she felt when they were together. Her keen empathy that kept her one step ahead of Kayla’s needs is part of why Kayla loved her so much: she just knew.

Kayla’s stream settled down to a trickle and Lindsey snuck in a quick kiss with Kayla still stuck in a daze. “Welcome home” she joked and smiled, walking back through the door to get more groceries.

***

A little later in the evening the sun had set and the two girls were in the kitchen making stir fry with noodles. Neither of them changed their pants earlier, instead electing to get right to chopping as they were hungrier than usual from the day’s events. At this point they were mostly dry again anyway so it wouldn’t make a difference to take them off while they were at home. Lindsey peeled and passed over carrots to Kayla who chopped with a rhythm. Their regular soundtrack was usually cozy coffee shop ambient music on youtube or folk music which Lindsey often put on. Today they were feeling cozy.

Twenty minutes later Kayla carefully poured and partitioned their stir fry into two bowls, then slide them across the counter and walked over with two forks.

“I think it came out pretty good, what do you say?”

“I’m not gonna say anything cause I haven’t tried it yet ya dope” was Kayla’s snarky response. It’s true, she usually held her comments to the chef until she was finished eating. Lindsey slurped up an ambitious amount of steaming hot noodles, quickly regretting her actions and wriggling around in her seat. “Hothothot!” Kayla barely reacted, entirely unsurprised but still a little amused. After copious blowing Lindsey’s bowl was cool enough that she quickened her pace to that of a teenage boy. The Szechuan peppers added a quick kick of heat that she compensated for by refilling a large glass of water twice. Kayla did the same, peeved that they had forgotten milk earlier in the store.

“Do you believe in that myth that food tastes better when you haven’t eaten for a while?” Lindsey spoke in between chewing.

“That’s not a myth darling,” Kayla laughed.

“Well fine my point was I believe in it, but if it’s not a myth and it’s just true then I agree with that too!” They both laughed.

As Lindsey continued eating, she began to get a little uncomfortable again from drinking so much water. It didn’t help that her expanding stomach put pressure on her bladder. She considered going to the bathroom but it wasn’t worth it at this point having already peed in her pants earlier. Kayla heard a hiss nearby as Lindsey began to pee while sat in her counter stool. Pee soaked her panties and filled the crevice between her legs. It splashed loudly onto the floor from stool height.

Kayla smiled in response, but didn’t follow suit this time as she hadn’t drank as much. She also consistently had a larger bladder and usually lasted longer on car trips. This didn’t bother Lindsey, she had no competitive edge for something she enjoyed failing at. She enjoyed the warmth and comfort of wetting and more frequently made it a part of her daily routine. Kayla was a less frequent wetter, but liked the convenience of it and enjoyed seeing her lover happy. If Lindsey asked Kayla to wet, she often obliged.

“I’m really starting to hit a wall here” Lindsey spoke taking a break from her bowl.

“You made more room for yourself, I’m sure you can finish it.”

Lindsey picked up her fork again with more resolve as she knew Kayla didn’t like to waste food. She was glad it was damn good food to push her limits with at least.

Their evening continued after they cleaned dishes and changed into light and fluffy pajamas. Discussions about reconnecting with college friends who were in town that weekend, new TV shows, and travel plans for the summer kept them going for a few hours longer.

***

Kayla laid in bed next to a lamp with her reading glasses on, nearly done with her habitual twenty pages before bed. Lindsey climbed into bed next to her under thick blankets since it was unusually cold that night. She scrunched the covers up to her cheeks, looking at her phone for a few minutes while Kayla finished reading. Lindsey's house was an older one with a charming interior but nonetheless let out plenty of heat. Kayla closed her book and placed it on her bedside table next to her glasses, then turned off her lamp. She settled her head into her pillow. Without too much delay, Lindsey shifted her spot to cuddle with Kayla.

Thirty minutes later Lindsey wasn’t much closer to falling asleep, kept up by lingering thoughts about her work and the cold. She had gone to the bathroom right before falling asleep and didn’t have any need to pee. Lindsey had a hunch though.

“Kayla~~” she whispered “are you awake?” There was a pause.

“Yes”

“Do you need to pee?”

“……Yes”

Kayla hadn’t peed since they had got home hours ago. She avoided peeing before bed so she could eagerly read another chapter of a book she was invested in. She had felt the need much earlier, but wasn’t really in a bathroom mood that night.

“It’s so cold” Lindsey whispered.

Kayla felt Lindsey pull her closer and her legs locked around her. Kayla had no intentions of leaving her comfy bed or staying awake either. She let her bladder rest and after a few seconds her warm piss flowed in her panties and made a pool under her pajamas. Lindsey had gotten her wish tonight; warmth spread between them under the covers. Kayla continued wetting in bed on purpose, making her puddle larger and larger on the mattress cover until the warmth spread up to her chest. She peed until at last empty and settled. They fell asleep together until the early morning when Kayla was, as always, the first to rise.

*001*2021-07-16 23:06

Chapter 2:

“Good grief, you can’t make this stuff up…” Kayla grumbled under her breath while scrolling past headlines on her news app.

She glanced up above the dashboard and saw Lindsey hastily running out to the car holding a styrofoam box. She motioned with her hand for Kayla to roll down her window.

“Do we have enough space in the freezer for this?”

“What are they, more cultures?” Kayla asked.

“Yeah!” She beamed, “I’ve gotta drive these to another lab, but I don’t know if the lab will be open tomorrow since Mr. Hitoshi isn’t gonna be in.”

“We’ll find some space” Kayla pointed to the backseat. “Oh Mr. Hitoshi..” she joked. She didn’t know him but she had heard all about him from Lindsey’s ramblings. “Where is that guy when you need him?” Lindsey climbed into the passenger seat and shut the door.

“You can’t blame him, he’s got a busy life with all those grandkids-“

“-and all that money!” Kayla added. They both laughed.

Kayla clipped her phone onto the dash. “What’cha reading about?” Lindsey asked, catching a glimpse of an article before she switched to Google maps to check the traffic.

“It’s the frogs again, they’re not having a good season down south.” Kayla was a journalist turned environmentalist – she started with tech articles years ago but found her stride writing detailed stories about endangered species in different parts of the world. She kept up to date, whipping out her phone to read at odd times on the train platform or waiting in line at the coffee shop hoping to find the next good story.

“We’re gonna have to take another way there’s a big hold up on I-93, we’ll still be home in under a half hour though.” Kayla backed up and waited for a chance to get out of their spot parallel parked on the side of the street.

“That should be alright, I’ve got the box keeping them nice and chilly”

“Yeah that’s not what I’m worried about”

“What? OH.” Lindsey clued in quick, noticing Kayla’s tight posture. “All your options are off the beaten path once we’re out of the city, do you know a place to stop?”

“Mmmm not really, I don’t normally go this way.” Kayla couldn’t divide her attention to look for a place that might have a bathroom while she was preoccupied with driving downtown during rush hour. They stopped at a red light and Kayla shifted her position to ease the pressure on her bladder. She looked at google maps again.

Lindsey poked her, “go, go!” once the light was green.

Kayla jolted forward but quickly hit the breaks when they reached another stoplight the next block down.

“Eeeeeeeh I’m not gonna worry about it today” Kayla said finally, taking the opportunity to pee herself in the driver’s seat while sat at the red light. She eased up her grip on the steering wheel while a puddled formed between her thighs. It seeped all the way under her butt and trickled off the seat. She caught Lindsey mirin her relaxing and peeing herself without a care in the world.

“What?”

Lindsey smiled but didn’t respond, then pretended to be distracted by something else.

“What what?” She nudged her.

“Mr. Hitoshi would be disappointed in youuuuuu”

Kayla cracked up giggling in response. Lindsey started laughing uncontrollably at her own joke.

Kayla, still peeing her pants, responded in a monotone voice: “Mr. Hitoshi isn’t here right now, would you like to leave a message?” They both laughed loudly like sailors.

“You wanna join me?” She said in a provocative voice.

“I ain’t got nuthin’ left in the tank sir” Lindsey said with a redneck accent.

“You miss all the shots you don’t take” Kayla responded in the voice of a sales associate.

“You miss all the rest stops you ignore!”

Kayla pulled forward as the light turned green. Their antics continued on until they got home.

*002*2021-07-19 05:42

Chapter 3:

Lindsey was home today to do some remote work. She had temporarily moved over to the well-lit dining room table to scan in documents and email them to her lab manager. She was trying to hold her hands still to scan while she bounced up and down since she had to pee. Kayla was in the other room writing and sipping tea.

“Oh shoot..” A few papers slipped off the dining room table. She put them back in place and then grabbed a stack and carried it over to the kitchen. She had a habit of using the magnets on the refrigerator to post up and organize her papers next to each other. It was easy because she could leave a few things up for a while without having to clear her desk, and the kitchen was only a few paces away from her desk space.

She opened the fridge to fill her glass of water and grab a yogurt. Kayla walked in and stopped at the doorway.

“Its coming along-“ Kayla sighed.

“Well that’s good at least!”

“-but slowly.”

“You’ve got all weekend, don’t stress it”

“I wanna send it to that guy to proofread before Monday, but yeah you’re right. I’ve been due to take a break the past hour anyway.”

“I’m almost done with this, then we can go out~” Lindsey suggested.

“Naaaah I don’t wanna go out, not today”

“Why not, we could call up Amy? She said she was gonna be in town later today”

“Naaaah-I’d rather stay home”

“Period?”

“Nah”

“Lazy?”

“Maybe” Kayla grinned.

“Tired?”

“Yes.” Kayla flopped onto the couch. She turned on the TV and opened up Youtube.

Lindsey came out of the bathroom a minute later to see Kayla watching Daily Dose of Internet.

“Hey who said you could go to the bathroom?” She saw Lindsey come back to sit down.

“Is that what you wanna do tonight?”

“Hmphf, I’m trying to give hints here-”

“Really?”

“I said I’m trying, you’re good at this”

“Oh sorry, yeah of course I see the carvings on the blank slate now, it’s so obvious” her snark let out quickly in response.

“The last time anyone had an accident around here was like a week ago when I was at the stop light!”

“Yeah I was beginning to think we might just be doomed to lead normal lives”

“Oh come on that’s not what I meant, we’re not having enough fun around here”

“That was the cheekiest lie ever I’ve told” Lindsey smiled.

“Right? Don’t even try to fool me, you love wetting even more than I do-”

“Yeees I do, *but I like it more with you* ” she booped Kayla’s nose. “I’m terribly sorry I offended you by going to the bathroom when I needed to like a responsible young woman, let’s fill a couple glasses and watch that movie that you wanted me to see, how about that?”

Kayla scoffed sarcastically “I thought you’d never ask” pulling up the movie on Netflix.

“Drink every time they say ‘I gotta check the numbers’!” Lindsey yelled from over in the kitchen. It was a sci-fi movie.

“Drink every time they say ‘the numbers’” Kayla retorted.

“Drink every time they say ‘the’ I dare you”

“Wow ok look what I got myself into, how about I never put the glass down while I’m at it?”

“It’s fixed to your hand, it can’t come off. You were born like this and this is your fate” Lindsey returned a creative jab.

Kayla raised a full glass of water to the stars, “I do as the gods command”

“Chug! Chug! Chug!” Lindsey rattled off like a college kid at fraternity.

“That’s not a very godly atmosphere” she drank the whole glass and slammed it on the table, then stood still.

“Excuse me!” Kayla snapped.

“Yes chef? sorry chef”

“I request…. ~~refreshments~~” she said with the poshest accent. She drank another half glass.

“It’s raaawwwww!” She responded, and they both cracked up falling over each other laughing. Lindsey could barely eek out “-my mistake chef!” before collapsing. It was antics like these that made them so happy to be together.

They went over to the couch and sat down. “No no, right here. Sit on my lap” Lindsey said. Kayla happily plopped down in Lindsey’s lap and they started the movie.

*** Later… ***

“Okay maybe you sitting on my lap wasn’t such a good idea”

“Well I can’t help it I’ve drank an ungodly amount of water Lindsey!”

“Yeah because I told you to”

“Because you told me to!”

“Now I’m telling you to stop squirming or give up and pee in your jeans”

“Mmmmm no!” She drank another sip and squirmed some more. Lindsey put her hands around Kayla to fake a hug then poked her bladder-

“Aaah!” Kayla shrieked and let out a large spurt of pee before regaining control. “Hey no fair!” but Lindsey wasn’t listening. She tickled her from behind and poked her again, and Kayla started peeing on top of her before she caught Lindsey’s hands and held them down on the couch. Kayla’s crotch was wet and dripping but she still hadn’t let much out. Lindsey swiped one hand out of Kayla’s grasp and fingered her jeans. She was having too much fun breaking Kayla’s defences and tried to push hard on her bladder.

“Stop-stop-stop!” Kayla leaked some more, “I give up, let me keep my pride!” she responded and then starting peeing again in Lindsey’s lap, this time by her own choice. She had to go so badly that it all came in a torrent. A hissing sound came from her crotch as she sat there soaking her jeans on top of Lindsey who couldn’t wipe a grin off her face. Pee continued to soak through to Lindsey’s sweatpants and reached her underwear before she could do the honors. Kayla turned her head and closed in on Lindsey to kiss her. They kissed passionately with eyes closed while Kayla wet.

Kayla raised her head up.

“I need you to piss as much as you can in your sweatpants right now” she whispered. “Do it for me darling, show me you love me” Kayla reached under her legs to finger Lindsey as she kissed her again. Lindsey didn’t take long to start wetting under Kayla. She sighed as her stream flowed out of her into her panties. Admitting defeat and letting go in her pants was truly one of Lindsey’s favorite feelings in the world. They were both having way more fun peeing in their pants on the couch rather than in the toilet.

“Oh wow you’re still going” Lindsey interrupted another kiss.

“You bet I’m still going, that’s four glasses of water coming out of me right now” Kayla responded.

“You’re so hot I can’t get over you”

By the time both of them were empty they were completely soaked through.

“You got what you wished for didn’t you?”

Kayla silently smiled in agreement.

“I hoped you wished for deep cleaning the couch tomorrow morning”

“Shhhhh dear don’t worry, don’t worry”

“We’re staying away from the bed tonight, it’s too dangerous” Lindsey smirked.

“You gotta rewind the movie I missed the last five minutes”

“Ha!”

“I’m gonna grab the good blanket”

Later on in the evening Kayla was now laying sideways on the couch with her legs across Lindsey’s lap and her head propped up on a bunch of pillows. They were both under a warm blanket that they often delegated for nights like these. Lindsey was reasonably full again but didn’t have a dire need yet, not that she was planning on getting up anyway.

Without warning, Lindsey heard Kayla start to pee herself again under their blanket.

“Sorry, had to go”

Kayla felt her pee streaming down her legs. Lindsey was unconcerned, and they both continued to enjoy the movie without needing to get up. Lindsey’s left leg dampened a bit as some of Kayla’s pee flowed down to her, but for the most part she was only mildly damp from earlier and Kayla was the only one making herself newly wet.

Later on after the movie was over Kayla had fallen asleep on top of Lindsey. Lindsey was laid on her side, with her head on the blanket on top of Kayla’s thighs. Lindsey was almost ready to fall asleep but now she really needed to pee, so she adjusted her position a bit and then happily began to pee where she laid under the covers. Her piss shooting through her panties once again made a faint hissing noise that was hardly enough to wake Kayla who was out cold. She let herself relax and pee in her sweatpants without worry until her bladder was empty and she dozed off to sleep. Kayla, who awoke several hours later with a pang in her bladder again, peed under the covers without a second thought and returned to her slumber quickly.

