August and the Mystery Pair of Glasses - Page 4

Author: V.A.I.

*000*2025-09-10 09:43

Who knows. I’m hoping it continues though, it’s hot as fuck. By the way, something I’ve been wondering, is August a man or woman?

*003*2025-09-11 15:56

Yeah hey guys, so uh... I'm still here but just haven't felt like writing at all 😞

I'm not sure when I'll pick up writing again, but if I do, this story will be the first one I'll continue for sure 🙂

And yeah, August is a guy haha

*005*2025-09-17 20:14

Hey guys, uhh… I know I might have given the impression that I wouldn’t be writing for a while, but somehow I ended up hyperfixated and wrote an entire chapter in just two days. I’d say I’m pretty happy with how it turned out, and I hope you all like it too. This chapter picks up the day after the end of chapter five, where August asked Mireille out on a date at the movies.

Enjoy!

Chapter Six

I don't know why it didn't occur to me before that a movie theater would have been one of the best places to use the glasses in. “Mega-pint” drinks, two-hour-long movies that incentivize people to put off flushing out those drinks, and—most importantly—far more people than there are toilets for them to use. Turns out, when you put eighty people in a room in front of an ultra-immersive movie with endless, un-put-downable drinks flowing in (and none flowing out), they’re for the most part fine with putting off an essential bodily function for an hour or three.

To be fair, our body’s ability to ignore something so fundamental with nothing more than a visual and auditory distraction is pretty amazing in itself. It reminds me of those monks who, through sheer mental training and meditation, can reduce their perception of pain to the point of performing seemingly superhuman feats—like getting kicked in the balls and not even flinching. Oof.

Most people would get very uncomfortable at best (and downright squirmy at worst) after drinking two liters of soda and sitting for an hour without a bathroom break. But in a movie theater? Almost everyone does it. I mean, how many people actually get up at the fifteen-minute mark, ruin the moment for several rows by walking in front of them, and miss a few minutes of the movie themselves—just to get rid of some pesky signals from down there?

This train of thought would probably have continued forever had it not been for the delicate tap I felt on my shoulder, followed by that ever-so-familiar perfume that immediately had me turning around in excitement.

“Mireille.”

I greeted the young woman standing in front of me.

“Hi, August.” Mireille stood there with her usual awkward, yet rather cute smile. Her outfit was exactly the kind of thing I’d come to expect from her—dark, a little offbeat, and impossible not to notice. A fitted black crop top showed from under a loose black hoodie splashed with faint pink and violet prints, the sleeves half-covering her hands.

A short black denim skirt followed as my eyes trailed down; paired with ripped tights and finished with a thin chain hanging from one of the belt loops.

With her pale skin standing out under light makeup, her lips painted a sharp purple, and a pair of crescent-moon earrings swinging gently as she moved, this was vivid, original, and unmistakably her.

Mireille was the inventor of the glasses I was currently wearing. Yes, I say "inventor" and not simply "maker", because these glasses are the furthest thing from ordinary. With a single look, they can show you exactly how much liquid is stored in someone’s bladder—complete with percentage and volume readouts. Accurate down to the milliliter; impossible to fool, impossible to avoid. Truly the greatest invention ever to grace the world of modern science (or perhaps even past science, venturing into the extraordinary…?).

The reason I was in possession of the pair instead of their inventor was due to one lingering design flaw: the glasses didn’t work on the person wearing them. And it just so happened that Mireille needed to see (and improve) her own capacity, so I had become the vessel for that task. So far, I believe I’ve been the perfect candidate for this work—given my… ahem… interest in the subject matter.

“So…” I filled the awkward silence. “How have you been?”

“I’m good,” Mireille replied. “Been working on a few new things these past few days.”

“Oh? Anything that might interest me?”

“I believe so,” She smirked teasingly. “But it’s still far from complete.”

“Come on, at least give me a hint?” I pressed, unable to hide my curiosity.

“There’s a time and place for everything,” Mireille said with playful mystery, only fueling it further.

“Fine…” I gave in with a sigh. “Shall we get the tickets then?”

Mireille and I made our way to the booth. Behind us hung giant posters for the movies now showing, along with a few upcoming releases. Most of them were cheap local comedies that people between the ages of 12 and 55 wouldn’t even crack a smile at—or yet another installment in the endless line of crappy jumpscare horror films. We decided to blindly dive in on a futuristic sci-fi thriller named "Subject #618", not expecting much but open to getting surprised as well.

“Let’s get something to drink,” Mireille suggested, gesturing toward the food stand.

“Sure,” I agreed, and we made our way over.

I didn’t have the slightest idea what Mireille had in mind for today. Was this just a date? Or not even that? Or was it connected to our arrangement? Was I supposed to make her drink more than usual and monitor her bladder as we’d been doing these past few days? Should I be taking the initiative? Should I just ask her outright?

It felt too hasty to jump in with a question—or take any action—so I decided to let it go for now. If the moment felt right later, I’d always be up for it, after all.

“Popcorn and soda?” I asked Mireille.

“Just soda for me, thanks,” she replied. I decided to skip on the popcorn as well. “Hey, August…”

I was interrupted just as I was about to order. “Yeah..?”

“Could you make mine large, please..?” Mireille asked, blushing slightly.

So it was that kind of date after all—and I certainly wasn’t going to object. “Of course.”

I grabbed our orders and made sure to take a half-liter bottle of water for each of us, since I was getting quite thirsty myself. There were still fifteen minutes until the gates opened, plus all the ads afterward, so we decided to sit down outside. We chatted while I lit a cigarette and took a few sips of my water to quench my thirst. Mireille didn’t smoke, but she started drinking from her water as well.

Our conversations were mostly about school—nothing unusual—but I was glad there wasn’t any awkwardness after what we’d been through. I wasn’t particularly shy myself, though Mireille could easily come across that way when you first met her. From what I’d seen, though, she struck me as the type who really opened up once she warmed to certain people—and I seemed to be one of them. Thinking back, I couldn’t remember ever seeing her hold a conversation longer than a few sentences with anyone else. I wasn’t sure if she had many close friends, if any at all—but then again, the same could probably be said about me. Either way, I certainly was enjoying her company, and hoped she also enjoyed mine.

“So… enjoying the glasses a lot these days?” Mireille asked during a lull in the conversation.

“Honestly?” I replied. “Not as often as I thought I would.”

“Wait, really?” She looked more intrigued than surprised.

“Yeah. I was using them all the time during the first day or two, but now I mostly just turn them on a few times a day for fun.” I slipped the glasses off for a moment and pointed at one of the two buttons on the right side, cleverly disguised as a decorative screw—the power switch. “See? They’re not even on right now.”

Mireille nodded. “Would you… would you mind turning them on for a second?”

Now it was certain. She must have figured she might as well take the opportunity when I asked her out to a movie—a field test of sorts after her remarkable attempt at pushing herself way past her limits the other day at her house. Honestly, I respected that a lot.

Well, that also meant I would certainly have the chance to push her as well; that was, after all, part of our deal, right?

I did as she asked and pressed the button to turn the glasses on. To my surprise, they showed sixty percent already stored in her—about three hundred and twenty milliliters. For most adult women, that would be enough to strongly consider a bathroom break, but for a woman Mireille’s size (and with the maximum capacity I had witnessed firsthand before), it was a miracle she wasn’t openly pee-dancing under the table.

“Wow,” I remarked after glancing at her lower abdomen. “You’re holding that much..?”

“Yeah…” Mireille blushed and looked down at the table. “How much is it..?”

I told her.

"I wanted to..." Mireille got even redder. "I wanted to show you that I can control myself even though I'm this full..."

Taking the chance, I sneaked a quick glance under the table; the only signs I could see were her thighs pressed together a little tighter than usual and her hands cupping her inner thighs. Her determination and effort were honestly remarkable.

“How do you feel?” I asked, meaning to tease her a bit. Mireille didn’t reply. Instead, she jolted up from her seat.

“Umm… we have to go inside…” she urged, tugging at the sleeve of my jacket.

“What’s up..?” I teased further, watching her press her thighs together and discreetly bob up and down a few times. “The movie wouldn't start for at least another ten minutes.”

“August, I have to…” Mireille bent down to my level and whispered in my ear after glancing around nervously. “I have to go…”

I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t tempted to delay her longer, but if everything went according to plan, there would be plenty more opportunities. Besides, I needed her at top strength for what I was planning to put her through this time.

“Fine,” I sighed, standing up.

Mireille must have decided she didn’t have the strength to keep holding it in and hide her need from the crowd at the same time for much longer, because she dashed inside without waiting for me. The last number I saw on the glasses was three hundred and fifty-two.

I adjusted my jacket and took one last drag from my cigarette before putting it out, grabbing our drinks, and heading back inside. I flicked the glasses off and scanned the lobby, but Mireille was nowhere in sight. I decided to wait in front of the toilets for her to come out; the movie was about to begin soon, even with ads.

One minute turned into two, then four, and then eight. I pulled out my phone to call her, thinking maybe she had finished up quickly and gone straight into the theater. But just as I was about to dial, I saw Mireille walk out of the ladies’ room with a tense posture and a bead of sweat running down her forehead.

“You alright..?” I asked carefully.

“I couldn’t go…” she admitted, her voice carrying a trace of urgency. “Two of the stalls are out of order, and there are still five or six people ahead of me…”

Well, that wasn’t part of the plan.

“Do you want to try another restroom?” I asked sympathetically. Even with our agreement, I wasn’t about to suggest she hold it if the situation was truly out of her control. “The movie’s about to start, but we’ll probably be fine missing the first few minutes, right?”

I braced myself to comfort her further, even ran through the nearby options in my head. But instead of rushing to agree, Mireille bit down on her lower lip, hesitation flickering across her face. For a moment she stood frozen, wrestling with herself—then, all at once, her expression hardened.

“I’ll be fine,” she said firmly. “Let’s take our seats.”

That's my girl, I thought.

"Are you sure..?" I asked, careful to sound supportive, but also wanting to make sure she wasn’t pushing herself too far.

"I… I want to at least try to get through the first half."

"Alright then." If she had made up her mind, who was I to argue? "Hold on, let me at least take a look." I switched the glasses on once again.

"Keep them on too," she urged, her voice steady but her fingers pressing lightly against my arm as I gazed at her abdomen.

"Mireille, you’re already up to sixty-five percent in just a few minutes," I said, noting the numbers. "Three hundred and forty-seven milliliters."

"It’s fine…" she murmured, though it sounded more like a quiet pep talk to herself than a response to me.

"And you finished most of that water bottle earlier too…" I added, keeping my voice low.

"Let’s go—the movie must be about to begin," she said, grabbing my arm with quick, determined steps. "I can take that drink now," she added, pointing at one of the two drinks in my hand—the large one she might now be quietly regretting.

We entered the darkness of the theater. Mireille, who had been walking ahead of me, paused and waited for me to catch up—not only because I was holding the tickets with our seat numbers, but also because she couldn’t afford to spare even a sliver of attention away from her growing need.

I took her arm and guided her toward our seats at the back left-center of the theater. Not the best spot, but not the worst either. One small consolation for Mireille was that the four seats beside her, all the way to the end of the row, were empty—most people naturally gravitated closer to the center.

We sat down. The act of sitting seemed to bring her some relief; the panic in her expression eased, though her thighs remained tightly pressed together, her lower body ever so slightly shifting in the faint, constant rhythm of someone holding on.

We were just in time for the ads to finish, as the movie began a mere thirty seconds after we took our seats. It was one of those classic sci-fi tropes—a young woman in the future, her body enhanced with various augments after a car accident, now presumably tasked with saving the world from some alien threat. Honestly, it probably wouldn’t get more interesting than what was happening next to me.

Speaking of, Mireille—whether I should have been surprised or not—had already started sipping her drink, willingly sending more liquid into an already overfilled system.

The first fifteen minutes passed with little happening on screen and not much from Mireille either. With half her soda gone, I couldn’t be sure how quickly her need would accelerate, but for the moment she seemed to be holding up well enough. She even looked focused on the film.

Curiosity got the better of me, and I flicked the glasses back on. I expected an increase, but even so the number startled me—seventy-three percent, just under four hundred milliliters.

Outwardly, Mireille still appeared relatively composed, but it was clear she was far from comfortable. The pressure was catching up to her; her body swayed faintly against the seat, the fabric of her denim skirt brushing audibly against the seat beneath her—though the movie’s volume covered most of the sound. If I leaned slightly closer, I could hear her breathing, sharper than usual, hinting at the strain she was fighting to contain.

Her soda rested in her right hand, though her sips had slowed to the bare minimum. Her left hand pressed firmly against her thigh, squeezing until the veins along the back of her hand stood out. Each moment it edged closer to the space between her legs, as if hovering on standby for when her willpower alone over her bodily functions would no longer be enough.

After another ten minutes or so, I began debating whether to break the silence. Part of me wanted to check if she was okay—maybe even encourage her—but I worried that speaking might break the immense focus she was clearly putting into holding on.

I, on the other hand, had only been half-watching the movie up to this point—it was my job to monitor her, after all. Seeing her manage so well so far, I figured I could finally pay more attention to the screen. But before I could, I felt a tug on my jacket sleeve.

“August…” Mireille called, her voice tight and shaking even through whispering. “How much longer until the first half’s over?”

“Uh… let me check.” I pulled out my phone and looked up the runtime. “It’s an hour and twenty minutes total, so… probably another fifteen minutes?”

A low, desperate groan slipped from her lips before she bit it back. She set her nearly-empty soda into the holder with trembling fingers, and now both hands clamped down hard against her thighs. The faint rocking I had seen earlier had grown into restless, unmistakable squirming: legs coming together and pulling apart, her hips shifting urgently against the seat. The effort it took her just to keep still for a few seconds was visible in every muscle in her body. Thankfully, the theater’s shadows and noise shielded her, and I leaned subtly to block the view from anyone on my other side.

I lowered my voice. “Mireille, if you want to go now—”

“No…” she cut me off instantly, as though even acknowledging the option might break her resolve. “I—I can hold it…”

I did not object.

With less than fifteen minutes left, Mireille’s bladder volume had climbed past four hundred and fifty milliliters; every sip of soda steadily adding to the pressure. She was sitting at around eighty-five percent full now, and there wasn’t much room left—each drop only making it harder for her to keep control.

The minutes dragged by painfully slowly. Mireille’s focus had long since left the movie; her eyes barely left the screen of her phone, almost as if she thought staring at the clock would make time move faster. I could only imagine the thoughts running through her mind—getting to the nearest ladies’ room, sitting down, and finally letting go.

Then she gasped quietly, and I felt a jolt through the seat beside me. Both her hands darted down to her lap, pressing hard against herself. Her short skirt had ridden up nearly to her waist from all the shifting she’d been doing, leaving her tights and even the faint outline of her underwear visible in the dim light. She didn’t care anymore. The theater was dark, no one else seemed to notice, and right now all that mattered was holding on.

She was nearing ninety percent now. The number climbed steadily toward half a liter, ticking up faster than the minutes on her phone. Her lip trembled as she bit down, stifling the occasional groan, her body rocking gently in her seat. I couldn’t look away, half-expecting her to turn to me at any moment and give up, ready to leave the theater.

Just a few minutes remained, but Mireille was at her limit. With eyes full of strain, she finally looked at me—almost pleading. She had reached ninety-six percent.

“August, I’m so sorry…” she whispered. “I-I can’t hold it anymore…”

“Shh,” I said softly. “Let’s get you to the ladies’ room.”

I took her arm gently and began to rise, careful not to disturb her hands where they were.

But she didn’t move. She stayed frozen in her seat.

I sat back down. “What’s wrong..?”

Her voice shook. “I can’t… I can’t move…”

“What do you mean..?”

“I—If I move my hands…” She trembled, frozen in place. “…it’s going to come out…”

“Mireille, you’re at ninety-seven percent,” I tried to reassure her. “We have to go now.”

Mireille groaned softly.

“Come on,” I urged. “Stand up. Slowly.”

She nodded, gathering the last bit of her strength. She rose, both hands still glued firmly to her crotch. A few heads turned toward us from my right side, but I slipped in between the crowd and Mireille, shielding their view once again.

I grabbed her arm along with our belongings and guided her toward the exit in tiny steps, as much as her tightly pressed thighs would allow.

We were finally just barely out of sight when Mireille suddenly jolted.

The glasses jumped to ninety-eight percent, then dropped back to ninety-six as she let out an audible gasp.

“Oh my god…” she whispered again. “I just… a little…”

“It’s fine, let’s hurry.” I didn’t mind at all; I was the only one who could see how close she was to a full-blown accident.

We reached the lobby. That small leak had bought her a few more seconds of composure, but we both knew she’d be hit with a much stronger wave soon. We turned left toward the restrooms, me doing my best to prevent anyone from seeing her. Just a few meters now separated her from relief.

Or so we thought.

In front of the ladies’, a line stretched out of the door and into the hallway. At least five or six people were inside, and three or four more waiting outside. Mireille froze again. One look at her told me all I needed to know—there was absolutely no way she could last that long.

She was frantic. Legs and hips twitching uncontrollably, hands still glued to her crotch, her pale face now flushed red with strain.

Another gasp escaped her lips. The glasses dropped to ninety-five percent. Fifteen milliliters had slipped past her sphincters, dampening her underwear for the second time.

“August, I…” she cried. “I don’t know what to do…” She looked up at me, eyes wide. “I’m going to wet myself... In front of all these people...”

I had to think fast. There had to be a way—a way to bring the relief she so desperately needed, to save her from the embarrassment. A few options immediately ran through my mind.

Looking around, I saw the only possible option for a shred of privacy for her—the supply closet a few meters next to the toilets. Acting as quickly as I could, I grabbed Mireille by the arm and urged her towards it, quickly shutting the door behind us, ignoring the glances of the few ladies in line next to us.

"Mireille, listen to me." I urged Mireille with a determined voice. "Pull down your tights, quickly."

I took the cap off one of the soda cups I still had in my hand, and emptied what was remaining into a nearby bucket. "Come on, go in this."

Mireille tried. She peeled one hand away from her crotch, shakily tugging down one side of her tights and panties in a single motion. Racing against seconds, she pulled her other hand free to drag them fully down.

Through the glasses, I saw it all unfold almost in slow motion. A sharp hiss filled the closet. The meter spiked to ninety-seven percent, then plummeted. Ninety-two percent in seconds—twenty-seven milliliters forced out, soaking her black tights and purple panties. The drop paused briefly as she clawed back a sliver of control, but then plunged again to eighty-five. Nearly forty milliliters more leaked free, dripping steadily as she finally managed to tug her underwear halfway down.

And then nothing stood in the way. With brutal force, more than half a liter exploded out of her, crashing straight onto the bunched fabric of her half-lowered panties.

I snapped myself back into focus and shoved the empty soda cup beneath her, catching at least most of the torrent she’d been holding back for so painfully long.

Silence took the room—silence but for the thunderous splashing of her stream filling the cup, and Mireille’s desperate whimpers melting into gasps of pure, overwhelming relief. Her body shuddered, tears brimming in her eyes as the weight of unbearable minutes finally broke loose in one violent, unstoppable release.

Slowly but steadily, I saw the meter on the glasses finally come to a stop at six percent. Even my heart was racing as the tension in the room eased, Mireille’s breathing returning to normal as she regained control of her trembling knees—caught somewhere between exhaustion and relief. She let out one final sigh, and only then seemed to snap back to reality, her cheeks glowing an even deeper red as she turned her gaze away from mine.

Unusually for her, she was the one to break the silence.

“Oh my god, August, I am so sor—”

“Shh.” I cut her off.

I placed my fingers gently under her chin, lifting her face back toward mine. Our eyes met, and I brushed away the single tear that traced her cheek.

“You did great,” I said, my voice as soft as I could make it. “Mireille, you’re the strongest person I’ve ever known.”

Her expression softened, her lips trembling. “Do you really think so..?”

“I know so.”

For the first time all night, that sweet, shy smile of hers returned—and before I even thought about it, I leaned closer. Slowly, our lips brushed, then pressed together in a kiss that stole the breath from both of us. My heart thundered, and I could feel hers racing just as hard. For a moment, there was nothing else in the world but that kiss.

It could have gone on forever. I wanted it to. Maybe she did too. But reality caught back up with us—we were still in a dark little closet, Mireille half-undressed, and a soda cup more than half-filled with what she’d fought so desperately to hold. Her cheeks flared red again as she realized, tugging her tights and underwear back into place while I pretended not to notice. Thankfully, her skirt concealed the rest. I helped smooth her clothes and tuck a strand of hair behind her ear.

Her embarrassment faded, replaced with a shared smile once again. The hilarity of the situation had hit us at the same time—and as we both let out a quiet laugh, we couldn’t stop looking into each other’s eyes.

“Let’s get you home,” I whispered.

We stepped out of the closet, walking through the lobby and into the cool evening air. We joked about the scraps of the movie we’d managed to follow, but it hardly mattered.

Tonight, the real story hadn’t been on the screen at all. Tonight, we’d written our own—one I knew neither of us would ever forget.

End of Chapter Six

*007*2025-09-18 03:55

{{1 hour ago, mehgamer4562 said:

This is really good but one small critique a few parts of the story repeated (specifically the parts right before entering the closet) but other than that this is insanely good

}}

My bad, should be fixed now. Thanks a lot!

*013*2025-09-30 04:50

{{8 hours ago, warham1995 said:

Also will you eventually write more of your teacher story?

}}

Probably eventually but idk, not in the near future as I'm working on chapter 2 of the League fanfic I posted a few days ago

{{7 hours ago, LochBlk52 said:

I absolutely adore this story and am super happy to see it return.

}}

Thanks a lot!

