Manon and the Magic Whistle (Chapter 3 and following Chapters) - Page 2

Author: vikka

*025*2015-07-15 16:08

Hi, everybody!

Here comes a new chapter about Manon and her Magic Whistle! It's actually a continuation in time of what happened in Chapter 5.

Manon and the Magic Whistle, Chapter 7.

Manon didn't go straight to home. For her fifteenth birthday she had wished for a camcorder, and to her delight Anouk had given her money to buy one. On the internet she had picked out one that she liked, and now she was on her way to a store outside the town, that sold it. But before she took the subway away there, she wanted to change her panties. They had become cold and weren't any longer like this snugly pee warm... She found a new pair in her rucksack, and with them in her hand she sneaked in behind a shrubbery. She pulled off the wet panties and washed her genitals with some kleenex. When she was about to put on the dry panties, she hesitated. It was after all such a nice spring weather; why not be naughty and skip panties... She decided quickly and put both pair of panties back into her rucksack. The wet ones she first put in a plastic bag.

It wasn't far to walk to the subway station, but she enjoyed every inch of it. She felt so delightfully indecent, when mild spring breezes fanned under her skirt and carressed her bare crotch.

The camcorder had lots of very good points; it was very small, could film in very feeble light and had a 30X zoom. Manon longed for to begin using it.

On her way home she sat facing two girls of about her own age. It wasn't rush hour and the three of them were the only passengers in that car. One of the girls had black, black hair. Must be dyed, Manon thought. The other girl was a total contrast. Her hair was so light, that it was almost white. She caught, that they talked about some girl, who was in the same school class as they. At first Manon didn't take any interest in their chat, but then she caught that the light-haired girl said, that she'd seen that girl and another girl hug eachother really long. "I wonder if they're lesbian?" - "Blah!" The black-haired sniffed. "It's yucky!" - "Why yucky? Is it yuckier to be in love with a girl than to be in love with a boy?" - "You're mad! Of course it's yucky, when girls have sex with eachother!" - "You're the one who's mad... You're just like the worst homophobe!"

They went on squabbling. Manon fibbled with her Whistle. What if... Well, why not! She took out the Wistle from her pocket and put the "horny"-end to her lips. She aimed it at the black-haired "homophobic" girl and gave it a rather faint and short blow. Then she aimed it at the other girl and did the same at her.

She waited a moment to see the effects. It didn't take long before both girls started to fidget about, pressing their thighs together and rubbing their bottoms against the seat. When Manon saw, that the Whistle worked as it should, she too started to press her thighs together and rub them against eachother. Then she slowly, bit by bit, pulled up her skirt, revealing her thighs above her stocking tops and the garters holding up her stockings. She didn't stop before she imagined that the other girls should be able to see all the way up to her bare crotch.

The two girls had stopped bickering. They were both confused at the feelings, which were flowing through their bodies. Fascinated they looked at the little girl opposite them, who didn't seem to be aware of, that she was showing her legs in their full lengths. And she wasn't wearing any panties! She looked as a girl, who had dressed up to a sexy woman in nylon stockings and garterbelt. Like a little girl she was toying with a kind of an ornamented wooden stick. They watched her putting it to her mouth like it was a whistle but no sound came when she blew in it. They thought that she looked really cute, playing with a stick at the same time as she was trying to look like a sexy grown-up lady. Under the influence of the Whistle they both began to feel more and more aroused and couldn't take their eyes from the little girl. She looked so sexy with her girlish little vagina, whithout any hair on it.

Manon thought it was time to heat things up. She cheekily placed her right hand up in between her thighs and parted her by now very swollen labia. She moved her fingers slowly around her clitoris, made it stiffen and tremble. As if they were mesmerized, the other girls pulled up their skirts. They too started to finger around their clits. The black-haired after first having pulled down her panties a bit. Her genital hair was curly and black (maybe the hair on her head was natural black after all, Manon thought).

Manon stood up and placed herself in front of the other girls. Shamelessly she put her left hand upon the front of the light-haired girl's panties and stroke it gently on her poking clit. The girl panted and her hips moved against Manon's hand. The black-haired girl stared at them, and moved in closer to the light-haired. Now Manon turned to the black-haired. But first she pointed the Whistle towards the other girl and blew it again. But this time in the "pee"-end. Not so hard, she didn't want an accident to happen too quick.

Manon now concentrated herself on the black-haired girl. It was time for her to eat her earlier homophobic comments! Manon seized hold of the hand, which the girl was so urgently using to caress her vagina and placed it onto her own wet mimsy instead. She pushed the black-haired's fingers in between her labia, from which by now her juices spilled over. At first the girl seemed to hesitate, but very soon she was eagerly busy caressing every bit of Manon's genitals. Manon gave tit for tat, concentrating on the girl's amazingly big clitoris, which she twiddled between her thumb and her index finger.

The first one to get her orgasm was the light-haired. She gave away a moan and began to bounce on the seat. In the middle of her first orgasm, she started to wet her panties. Her pee came in a slow but steady flow, and she stared in open-eyed wonder how her pee gathered between her thighs and then gradually ran over and down to the floor. The sight of the orgasming and wetting girl made Manon to have her first orgasm. Which by no means made the black-haired to stop caressing Manon's vulva...

Again Manon took out the Whistle. She pointed it at the black-haired and blew hard in, at first, the "horny"-end and then in the "pee"-end. The result came almost instantly! With a cry the black-haired got an earthquaking orgasm, and at the same time she peed forcefully right upon Manon's belly, crotch and legs! Manon responded by coming in a series of orgasms, making it impossible for her to hold in her pee, which she sprayed all over the black-haired, soaking her clothes completely!

The train slowed down at Manon's station. She pulled down her skirt, which luckily had remained dry. She turned to the black-haired girl:

"It's really yucky to have sex with another girl, isn't it! But I can't complain about the orgasms you gave me, and you seemed to enjoy them, that I gave you! And how you loved my pee all over you! Lesbians rule!"

Manon was very pleased with herself, when she left the train with pee still dribbling down her legs. Her stockings were wet from both her own and the black-haired girl's pee. She sneaked behind an advertising pillar and pulled off her stockings and put them in her rucksack. She kept her garterbelt on and continued towards home with the garters dangling against her thighs.

*028*2015-07-28 22:01

@Minervafan and Flower:

Thankyou, thankyou :smile: Your comments are making me so happy!! I hope it won't take long until next chapter...

