Jade: Dream

Author: Vorund Sorent

*000*2014-10-29 01:16

Hello! Welcome to what is probably my first official foray into the world of omorashi fiction. Today I have some quick desperation from the Homestuck fandom. This was originally formulated as a roleplay prompt, and as such it isn't quite complete as it's own story, but as it contains a fair-length dream-desperation sequence, I thought I'd put it up here for you to enjoy. Perhaps in the future I'll come back to it and write a second chapter to finish it off? Who knows!

I hope to write more Omo fiction in the future, perhaps using my own original characters and more specifically intended for a story format rather than as a roleplay prompt. Stay tuned, but for now, enjoy!

###

Jade is dreaming, and this particular dream is proving to be a welcome break from the dark, bordering on disturbing scenes that have been plaguing her since the completion of the game. This time there are no looming Denizens, no friends dying, no insurmountable goal to overcome on the quest to create a new universe. No, this is a far more pleasant scenario, something that she has rarely experienced since her days dreaming on Prospit and in the Dreambubbles, the latter of which she often opted to return to even after having learnt to avoid them in her sleep. Often, even an infinity of dead friends who are happy is less disturbing than live friends faced with impending death, no matter how unreal the latter are in actuality.

She is on the Land of Frost and Frogs, and it is snowing. Incongruously, Bec is by her side, and his paws make delicate prints in the snow, marred by the occasional melted patch where he has gotten too... excitable with his abilities. Jade lifts her hand, and finds that she is holding a cutting from a nearby tree in her hand, the perfect length and width for a fine game of catch. Perfect!

"Come on, Bec! Fetch!" she calls, casting the stick out into the snowfield. Bec leaps after it, snatching it out of the air almost instantaneously, and deposits it at her feet. "Good boy, Bec!" she claps, Bec wagging his tail in delight. "Best Friend!"

She reaches down to retrieve the stick and throw it again, but as she does so, she becomes aware of a faint need inside of her. It's nothing unmanageable, but certainly something that should probably be seen to before continuing with the game. She leaves the stick, straightening up and turning towards the house, it's tower perched atop it's hill. "One moment, Bec," she calls to her pet, "I just have to see to my own business. I promise I'll be back!"

Jade climbs the hill towards the house, and as she does, the sensation in her lower abdomen grows in turn, so that by the time she reaches the atrium her need to visit the girl's room has become quite uncomfortable. It really is a good thing she didn't hang around; she definitely needs to go! Confidently, she strides along a corridor, heading for the nearest bathroom...

...and finds herself back in the atrium. That's odd, she could have sworn that she went the right way. Turning back towards the corridor, she hurries back down it, one hand brushing against her crotch, her legs quickening their pace as they hurry along towards the bathroom. She reaches the mid-point of the corridor, turns towards the toilet door, yanks it open, rushes inside, and...

She's back in the atrium once more. How can this be happening! She knows this house like the back of her ha- aah- Jade clutches at her crotch, where she is suddenly struck by an intense wave of desperation that overwhelms her entire lower abdomen. She can feel her pee trying to force it's way out, and clamps down with her pelvic floor muscles, HARD. She manages to contain herself, and after a few seconds, the wave subsides, but she's definitely in a far, far worse position now than she was a few moments ago. Whereas before she was in a mere state of discomfort, now she is experiencing full-on desperation. How can her need have grown this fast? It doesn't matter, she needs to find a bathroom, NOW.

Turning back down the corridor, she breaks into a half-jog, half-shuffle, hand jammed into her crotch, eyes set on the bathroom door. As she hurries down the corridor, she can feel her desperation grow more and more intense, and she realizes that if she doesn't reach the bathroom this time, she's likely to wet herself, something she hasn't done since she was a young child. What would her friends say? She can't let this happen. Reaching the bathroom door, and moaning slightly from the strength of her need, she throws it open. At last, there is the toilet! Pulling down her skirt and panties in one move, she throws herself onto the seat and begins peeing at full force, a second moan, this one of relief, growing in her chest.

And, just as fast, receding. Although she is now sitting on the toilet seat and peeing full force, she feels no relief of any kind, or indeed any reduction in her need. If anything, the sensation of desperation is growing the more she tries to relieve herself. Gritting her teeth, she bears down, and tries to pee harder, but it's no use. She's peeing, and getting no relief! Her desperation is too much to bear, her sphincter muscles have given up but it seems to make no difference, she has to pee, oh, she has to pee, she...

Jade wakes up to find herself lying in bed, tucked within the warm folds of her covers. For a second, she is unaware of what must have awoken her, only thankful to be free of that awful dream and that terrible insatiable need to relieve herself, a need that she-

Oh. Jade suddenly realizes that for all her previous situation may have been a dream, the need is all the more real. Lying in her bed, she is absolutely bursting to use the toilet. She moves to jerk herself upright, hands moving inbetween her legs, and...

She can't. Her hands won't move down from above her head, and for all her might, her legs won't move together. For all her efforts, sitting up proves futile. What.... what can be happening? Is this another dream? No, that can't be right. She concentrates on the feeling in her wrists and ankles, and there seems to be something around them. What could that-

Suddenly it hits her. Her wrists and ankles are bound in rope. Somebody has tied her to the bed, fastening her limbs to the four corners and binding them so she can't bring them together, can't move herself from where she is now, can't relieve the incredible pressure bearing down on her- eep! A few droplets of pee escape her, soaking into the fabric of her panties and creating a minuscule wet patch.

"Let me go!" she cries on reflex, opening her eyes to look about the room. "I- I really need to pee!" Her eyes cast themselves about the room, searching for her captor. They settle upon a familiar figure...

