Vaine, Goddess of Death, Sexual/Peeing Adventures Throughout the Multiverse (Insanely Long Story)

Author: Vaine Steele

*027*2023-01-09 07:15

Chapter 5: Being Buried Alive is Actually Fun?! Who Knew?

Jason and I ran into the collapsing skyscraper. Do not ask me why. We thought it'd be safer than being outside on the street I guess. But that doesn't matter anymore. After about five seconds of us bolting inside like idiots the lobby floor beneath our feet crumbled away and we fell down a few basement floors.

After regenerating our leg bones and other broken shit, a few minutes later we were very lucky and ended up in one safe corner of said basement. Lucky that our heads and cores didn't get crushed I mean. I had to sever my leg and regenerate a new one, that wasn't fun. Jason also had to regrow his one arm up to the elbow so we both fucked up our bodies hard today.

Get your mind outta the sewers you perverts you.

We only had about maybe 70 square feet of walking room, probably less. We could see the aging daylight coming in through a massive pile of debris that blocked off our path so that was good, fresh oxygen and all that. The problem was, we couldn't reach it or climb up there. All the huge slabs of rubble around us were too big to move. It'd take alot of effort to dig ourselves out and I don't even know if we have the adequate tools to do so.

We are trapped. The rubble just keeps growing and growing as the building continues to collapse. After about ten minutes, the ground finally stops shaking from the impacts of tons and tons of debris hitting well, everything. After that sound dies down we occasionally hear more distant explosions. Extra missiles coming into Dallas I guess. Perfect.

I sigh as I look through my backpack. 7 bottles of water, 4 cans of food. A single pair of panties and a bra. I was gonna loot more clothing today but fuck, guess that's not gonna happen now.

Water. Oh god water. What will we do when we have to piss?! Oh... oh no. Jason's gonna have to poo sometime isn't he? Oh god I don't want to have to smell that. We could be down here for a long while. Shit. Literally.

"I wonder who attacked this building," Jason says rather casually after he gets his arm back, his voice as gruff as always. I don't find it sexy at all. Nope, not at all. "Was it a US Missile? Was it attack sent by another country? Terrorists? Rebels?"

"I dunno, maybe someone was targeting the alien spacecraft and missed... a lot of shots." That's the best explanation I can come up with on the spot but who the fuck actually knows.

I look at the internet on my Core's HUD for info about the attack but I found nothing. Whatever was happening here hadn't been made public yet or maybe it never will be. Maybe it's too soon for the news to spread? Probably. It's only been about 15 minutes since we've been down here. Few people outside of the USA probably care about us anymore really.

"It will be dark soon. We should decide how much of our flashlight's power we'll use, if any at all." I try to remain logical on the outside, even though I know I'll have to pee within the hour in all likelihood.

"We have plenty of food," says Jason, holding up a silver tin. "So yeah, let's not waste the flashlights tonight."

I nod. I guess we should conserve our batteries energy just in case we're trapped down here longer than we should be. It would suck to be stuck here underground and have no light too. Yay distracting myself by thinking of electrical hand torches, woohoo! The two of us start eating a can of food we had with us. He has some kinda pasta while I have peaches. Great supper. Love it. I'm starting to forget what a warm homecooked meal tastes like. I'm so sick of this kind of bland nourishment. Come to think of it... the last warm meal I had was with Jason. Hmm.

It was at this moment when he realized what I had awhile ago. His mind must have clearly been in the clouds... or maybe on some more important things I didn't think of, I don't know.

"Yeah shit... I just realized... small space... is gonna make going to the washroom... difficult." He audibly gulps and I can't help but chuckle.

"Yeah no shit sherlock." I tease with an evil grin on my face. "I started dreading that when the building finally stopped crumbling down."

We're like three basement levels deep, maybe four. It's not like we can claw ourselves out of here in a day and not have to piss out a flaming hose of horny juice by then. Even so, Jason starts panicking abit and clawing at the now reddish light hole coming from the setting sun.

"Oh god we could be stuck down here for weeks!" Jason barks.

"Probably." I take my biggest combat knife I have with me and begin to chip away at the floor in the southern "corner" of the room. I think we're caged in the north-east corner right now but I'm not entirely sure. Pretty sure it's that though, judging from the angle of the sunlight coming in and the orientation of the two walls meeting behind us.

Anyway I keep picking away at the basement's surface, trying to make a decent sized hole. Jason, after shouting and scratching his fingers down to the bone several times, finally gives up trying to escape for now as he sits down and lets his hands regenerate fully. I don't know why he did that, the pain must've been awful unless he has some sort of pain nullifying skill.

"What're you doing?" He says as I'm pretty sure he's staring directly as my ass as I continue to pull the floor away as much as possible.

"Making a toilet of sorts." I say rather nonchalantly, "If we piss on the flat concrete it'll quickly spread out to all our current living space. Neither of us would want that. Plus you need a place to poop so..."

"Don't you mean we need a place?" Jason inquires, confused.

Oh. Shit. I forgot he doesn't know about my super ability that allows me to never have to drop turds.

"No I uhh." I usher out a loud fake cough. "One of my abilities is that I never have to uhh, take a shit again."

Jason just stares at me dumbfounded. "Really? You unlocked such an ability? How many souls it cost you?"

"Don't remember. It was very cheap though, like 200 souls or something." I casually reply.

"Why didn't you tell me? I can easily afford that... phew... no feces here." Jason says as he sighs deeply.

A few seconds later, I hear a very loud fart coming from Jason's side of the room. I drop the knife and laugh hysterically. I forgot that happened to me too when I first unlocked that skill. Oh god it smells awful. Stinky. Stinky boy.

"What the fuck?" Jason is blushing such a bright shade of red that he may as well be... a police siren... or something.

I suck with words ok? Fuck off.

I finally manage to stop laughing when my stomach starts to hurt too much. Oh god that was hilarious. Laughing out loud at a loud fart... I must be 11 years old again.

"Yeah the ability only stops you from pooping. It doesn't effect your gas or your liquid..." I realize I'm explaining what my body does to him so I stop myself in my tracks. Fuck.

My stomach rumbles. It's only been like ten minutes since we ate but I can already feel the urine pressing against the inner walls of my bladder. Another side effect of this ability is that you have to urinate alot more than the average person. But I'm sure Jason will realize that soon as well, if he cares enough to look it up on his skill list or whatever. If I know him as well as I think I do, he'll probably just ignore it for now.

After the smell of Jason's flatulence has disappeared mostly, I keep digging our crude potty out of the stone cold Steve Austin floor. I swear he's still enjoying the view of my glorious butt. What a prick. And I'm stuck with him in a tight space. This will force us to basically sleep side by side which we've never done before. I've been horny for Jason for what feels like ever but it's only been for a little over six weeks since we met. He's shown no romantic interest in me... so why the hell am I so turned on right now?

Fuck. I guess it's just because we're trapped down here underground with no escape, like some porno fantasy. Maybe that makes sense, maybe not. It's probably just my overactive libido and nothing more. It's June by the way so... still two months left of me being in heat. Great.

Jason comes up from behind me and helps me dig with his own improvised tool, some kinda ice pick or screwdriver I think. A thought enters my mind... I don't care about how this sounds. This is too fucking funny. I can't stop laughing. We're literally working together in a small space, digging out our peepee hole. Yes I have the maturity of an 11 year old as I said before piss off. Oh god I need to have a piss off right about now.

"What's so funny?" He questions rather bluntly.

Same old Jason... not seductive or romantic in the least. Geez my taste in males is awful.

"Uhm... we're digging out a pit to piss into... yeah." My mind races for something else to say before I burst out laughing again. "Do you want to watch-"

Good job Vaine, great thing you said. Best line ever, 10/10.

Oh god now I'm blushing hard and my pussy is quivering and asking for desperate relief. Fuck my life. Jason laughs loudly as he stares at me and continues to work with his screwdriver. He's wearing a huge smug smile on his face. Great. Now we've both been super embarrassed in one day and our score is back to even. Dammit I wanna be ontop!

Not like that- shit.

We keep digging for about five more minutes and we hit a large metal pipe. This means there's a drainage system here. It could be part of the old sewer system for this building... and it may be an option for getting us out of here. Only issue would be is if we can cut a hole into it that'd be big enough for us to get through with our inadequate set of tools.

My vagina vibrates with pain again and I groan lightly. It hurts so much. I really have to pee. I'm distracted and Jason is doing most of the work now. I have no idea what he's thinking about but he seems focused. His cheeks are flushed a deep red hue now as well. He's looking up at me as he continues to work, a smile still plastered across his face from what I said earlier. I can feel my heartbeat quicken ever so slightly when I look at him.

"I uhh, really have to go." I half-mumble as I do a not so subtle desperation dance.

Jason just smiles and says "Alright, the pipe has a few small holes and cracks in it anyway so... the makeshift toilet shouldn't overflow when we use it."

I nod, my stomach is making a obvious and loud gurgling noises. My bladder feels like it's gonna burst at any moment. Without really thinking too hard I unbutton my pants and let them drop to the ground with a clink. Jason just looks at me and my white panties for what feels like ages. Oh shit, this is the first time he's seen me... without pants. The nerves in my skin crawl like spiders walking all over me but I manage to remain calm on the outside.

"Alright," He finally says as he stands up and lets me get near the tiny hole we dug.

He continues to stare at me, seemingly undressing me with his eyes. I squirm even more and more as my peepee dance grows stronger. Gah this is sexual torture! This should be illegal!

"Why're you still looking?!" I yell in frustration as the burning in my nether region intensifies.

"Didn't you want me to watch you pee?" Jason says as he crosses his arms. "You know, for safety reasons of course."

His eyes are locked on my pussy and he's staring intently. I can't stop myself from shivering slightly. I'm so flushed with embarrassment but my primal need to piss finally grows too strong. With a whimper I drop my white panties down onto the floor. He's looking at me! Looking at my black slit! No one else has ever seen it before. Oh god... Am I having another naughty dream? I don't seem to be.

I squat lightly over the toilet as I notice Jason's boner through his pants. Freaking pervert. What an asshole. I hate you so much. I try to pee to relieve this arousing pain but nothing comes out, not even a trickle. Damn this hurts! Why is this so hard? Jason is just standing there with his hands behind his back now, his chest heaving ever so slightly as he watches me failing to empty my bladder, like some kinda sexy movie rogue. Curse you Jack Sparrow!

What? Ahh fuck...

"Maybe seeing mine will make you feel more comfortable?" He says with surprising sexual authority as he drops his pants and his boxers with one motion, releasing his full 5 inch erection to the world.

Wait 5 inches? That little tiny pecker I saw earlier today grew to that?! What? Maybe his limp dick was just hidden behind loads of pubic fur who the fuck knows.

I don't understand the male body at all do I?

My pussy spasms violently as I spread my legs, giving Jason a better view. Oh god oh fuck I wanna piss! Let me pee dammit! His dick is green, same shade and color as his hair and nails... that's Jason's actual dick. Not the fake one from my night movies but the real deal. Oh shit. My mouth waters, my pussy aches, and my nipples harden. It feels like my heart is about to beat its way right outta my chest. How can this little thing do all of that? And what the fuck am I supposed to say to him now? Oh god my bladder clearly has no vacancy and yet none of the golden guests want to leave. This sucks. Sucks so much, fuck!

He sits on the floor, erection in hand, getting as close as possible to my swollen beaten down pussy.

"Do you want me to-" Jason's voice breaks off abruptly. "To help you out?"

Oh god no! I'm gonna die from embarrassment. No no no-

"Yeah," I yip out quietly as my entire body goes rigid even more than before.

I feel his hot breath on my privates as he stares at my wet black pussy. He moves his face closer to my exposed sex, then licks his lips, and takes a deep inhale of my scent. His nose bumps against my clit and I moan loudly. Fuck it hurts! Piss can come out of my cunt any day now! That would be nice. Come on... why won't my body let me urinate?! This feels agonizingly bad. Is Jason trying to help me or torture me?

In a few seconds I have my answer. He begins to massage my pussy's outer edges softly. Oh... that feels so nice and he's not even really touching anything. I'm going to go crazy if he keeps that up. It's almost enough to make me ignore the now debilitating pain. Almost... but nah not really.

Fuck... ahh... my vagina is still lit from top to bottom, like a burning torch that's pressed against it like some kinda fucked up torture chamber. This sucks so bad but at least Jason is here.

He takes off my shirt with his other hand and I comply, leaving me with nothing on except my white bra, my nipples are poking hard through the fabric. He continues to massage my pussy gently as his face changes to something warm and intimate.

"You don't have to be embarrassed." He remarks. "Your beautiful..."

"Then why haven't we made love before?" I whimper with pain-filled tears in my eyes. "Why'd you make me wait? You made me think that you were gay or something, which would be fine, but you never said a damn thing!"

"I uhh... was scared to be... be with someone again. I'm... I'm sorry." Jason assures me as his nether massaging grows from a slow pace to a medium one. "But uhh, once we got stuck down here I realized... that being afraid... of you... was so damn stupid and silly of me."

I manage to smile. "I really really like you... even though you're an awful piece of shit." I chuckle lightly.

My entire body is engulfed in flames of arousal by this point. Is... is this.. happiness? Or is this just lustful desires finally being fulfilled? Desires of only a month in a half but still. I've wanted to be intimate with Jason for awhile. We're clearly gonna fuck once I'm done urinating, judging from his raging boner and our confessional conversation. My pussy feels so good despite the absurdly skyrocketing pain. I take a couple deep breaths as I finally allow my privates to let loose their armies. Piss gushes out of me like an atom bomb and covers Jason's fingers. He simply laughs and stands up, clearly enjoying the show.

"Finally." He smirks, clearly proud of himself.

I literally howl with relief the millisecond my golden lady juice exits my slit. The pleasure that my bladder feels right now is just out of this world, the euphoria I'm experiencing now is amazing. I wanna cum so badly but my desire to just enjoy myself peeing is stronger right now. Jason... is watching me... seeing everything. Nothing is being left to his imagination. I continue to urinate, the flow doesn't die down at all. In fact my pulsing piss jet feels more intense than ever, so much so that I'm pretty sure most of it is leaving the confines of the stone porta-potty and splattering onto the floor where we'll later sleep. I can't believe how good this feels. The burning in my urethra is now a numbing pleasure that won't die down. Jason's mouth is just agape, like he's never seen something quite like this before as I continue to shudder with relief.

He puts his erect dick directly in the line of fire of my pee stream and he's clearly enjoying my inner warmth that is spilling out of me. A small part of me wants to stop peeing so I can kiss him, but the other larger part of me just wants to relieve this tension that I accidently built up for myself. I moan in a very unladylike manner as I open my dirty filthy cunt with two of my fingers, giving an even better view of my interior lady bits. I'm panting heavily as I squeeze my urethra muscles tighter and release what feels like gallons of hot piss onto Jason's cock.

It runs down over his length, and he gasps as it splashes against his balls. He moans with pleasure and I smile happily at the stupid goofy look on his face. He seems to enjoy watching me piss so much as his eyes never leave mine as he strokes his hard cock. My body feels so alive, it feels like my heart is beating out of my chest. I can't believe I'm actually peeing on somebody who I like, it's as if I'm marking my territory and saying he belongs to me now.

A few seconds pass and my piss fountain finally starts to slow down. However, I continue to spray out globs of urine as I seemingly force them into existence. I'm breathing heavily and I can't stop myself. This feeling of pleasure from peeing... I don't want it to end it feels too good. I'm such a freak and I love it. I'm so horny and I just wanna fuck Jason so bad right now! My pussy is a sopping mess of girlcum and piss at this point. After about ten more seconds sadly I'm finally finished draining my bladder and I let out a loud victory sigh as my legs finally stop quaking and regain their strength.

"Oh... oh my god," Jason pants from arousal. "You're so hot."

I smile back at him and begin to dry off his shaft and my pussy with my cast away panties. They're so wet, warm and gross but I feel super sexy by just looking at them. I fling the sopping precum undies down into the toilet and it lands on the broken pipe as kiss Jason lewdly. My body shudders every time his lips touch mine, like a glorious spring breeze that just relaxes the shit out of you. I can feel my swollen kitty throbbing, asking for something new. Jason hands slide up along my black furred sides and shoulders as he pushes my head down towards his cock. I don't know what else to do, so I go along with it.

As soon as my canine lips touch his penis I realize just how big it is up close. Again such a nice package from a small... mailbox? I gasp at the thought of how this would feel inside of me and then shudder again as I begin to suck him dry. It feels like we're in heaven! The taste is sweet and salty at the same time, I love it so much, tastes almost exactly like my favorite flavor of junk food. Who knew I've been eating chips that taste like dick for my whole life?! Ahem, moving on. Jason encourages me further as he grabs my hair tightly. My pussy continues to melt in the open air. I moan softly around his shaft as I try to get it down my throat as far as possible. He thrusts into my mouth eagerly, his hips buckling. Oh my god this is so fucking good! His balls are rubbing against my chin now and I fondle them eagerly. This brand new experience for me is great. I want to make him cum so badly.

He pulls himself out of my jaws though and I sigh lightly. I don't have to wait long for the next stage though as Jason takes off my bra and pins me against the wall. He smiles at the sight of my boobs which feature black nipples and white fur. He kisses my breast affectionately as our bodies entwine as close as they possibly can. We're both utterly naked now. His shaft is teasing my dripping cunt as I smile. I could think of a million better places to lose my virginity than in this underground hellhole... but I'm glad I'm here now... with him.

He leans forward ever so slightly as he kisses my neck, then my cheek as his Cheeto flavored cock easily slides into my wet slit. Fuck it feels so good. It hurts somewhat, but it's nothing compared to the agonizing pain of being unable to urinate. His hard member rubs against my g-spot repeatedly, sending tremors of pleasure throughout my body. Oh fuck yeah... this is sex. I'm actually making love right now. This is so much more insane and real than any other dream could be. He pushes harder, driving himself deep into me as he reaches underneath my ass with his hand. Oh god I'm so tight! His fingers find my asshole and he pushes two of them gently inside, I moan softly at the sensation. My first time getting fucked, a dick in my main hole and digits in the other one. Words can barely describe how horny I'm feeling. His anal probing feels like it comes from the gods, so much so that I can't handle it and my mind goes almost completely blank.

"Jason!" I gasp out between deep long breaths. "I- I'm gonna-"

His hand moves up my stomach to my chest and he grab onto my breast tightly. His other arm is around me to hold my hips in place while he continues to pierce into me with all his might. I can't endure it anymore, the pressure built up in my little kitty is just too hot. My vagina feels like its going to erupt any second now and I can feel myself begin to cum on his cock. I squeeze my eyes shut, moaning loudly as wave after wave of ecstasy crashes down upon me. Every inch of my being feels electrified, I just wanna cum forever as I cry out with blissful moans.

I hear Jason's voice through my foggy vision. "Don't stop now!"

The only thing that comes to my mind at this moment is "fuck yes please don't stop". I can't even remember if I said those words out loud or not, but I'm pretty sure he knew what I meant. He continues to pump into me faster and faster as my orgasm still rages out of control. When Jason cums inside of me, I feel his slick sperm shoot itself all the way into the back of my womb. Oh god that feels amazing. So thick, so warm... so hot! My entire body goes limp as the pleasure becomes too intense for me to endure. All I can do is hang there on Jason's arm while I catch my breath.

"You're incredible," Jason whispers into my ear. "That couldn't have been your first time."

"It was." I take in a deep swig of air, Jason clearly enjoying the sight of my breasts natural movement.

"No way... really?" He looks at me incredulously.

"Well yeah..." I reply simply. "Before I was a Reaper I had no interest in sex. Now it's half of what I think about. Ok more than half."

Jason laughs as he faces the toilet, and orders me to stand over it with my bare butt facing him. I'm still super horny and I comply without saying a word. He clearly is as well, as his member is still rock hard even as some of his semen is still coming out.

"Female Reapers can't get pregnant apparently, at least that's what my core is saying." Jason informs me. "You want to keep going I assume?"

I grin devilishly at the thought. The sun has gone down by this point, so the only moonlight we can detect is enhanced by our natural night vision. We can barely see each other due to the very low amount of light but we can our vision is good enough to still have fun. Jason slaps my bare buttcheek hard a couple of times and it feels really good. He puts his dick in between my asscheeks and I yelp happily in surprise.

"If this is your first time we need to make it memorable in this shithole of a place. I'd have loved to fuck you in my bed at homebase but uhh, guess that'll have to wait." He smirks, I think.

His rockhard dick in between my fat cheeks feels great. He rubs my backside's entrance firmly with his thumb and I let out a deep sigh.

"If we can't take a dump anymore, may as well use the dumpster for.. something else." He laughs and groans rather loudly. "I have to piss out a waterfall... but you don't mind being my anthro toilet do you?"

My eyes light up and I simply nod my head. He sticks the tip of his warm hard cock into my super tight anus and it feels nice. However, what comes next feels outstanding. Jason grunts louder and louder and eventually laughs.

"Here it comes." He states rather calmly.

Within an instant my anal cavity begins to fill up with his piss. It feels so divine that I cry out in pleasure as my bowels start to swell up with urine. My pussy is dripping wet so I touch myself and moan loudly as Jason's garden hose continues to fill my reardoor up like a waterbed. The entire process doesn't take very long, just about 15 seconds to fill me up. The piss starts to leak out of my butthole loudly with a loud hissing noise, like a broken faucet being turned on. I smile and lean against the wall. The feeling of the warm piss inside of me makes my body tingle as Jason keeps his pee flow going, the sound of him urinating into my filled-to-the-brim insides is incredibly erotic.

Once Jason seems like he's almost done pissing he pulls himself out of me and his warm piss gushes out of my rectum like a yellow enema. I cry out with orgasmic bliss as the release of pressure is too much and I cum hard as I feel Jason's penis inside my pussy again. He groans with delight as my spasming privates clench around his throbbing member and he grits his teeth and looks down at me lustfully.

"Enjoyed your piss enema a little bit too much there did you?" He teases me mercilessly as my anus is still draining itself and probably will be for awhile.

I grab his balls in response and squeeze. "You know it... ugh I can't stop cumming!"

Jason moves one of his hands to my mouth and he kisses me deeply. Our tongues entwine and we both moan loudly as I feel my cunt asking for it and seemingly sucking on Jason's dick as if it were a second mouth. My eyes dart up towards Jason's face, watching him intently. I love how intense he is right now. His body is still shaking from my orgasmic rush but I'm sure he's enjoying himself just as much as I am. I feel even more sperm tadpoles enter my uterus and I squeal with delight. He thrusts into me forcefully now, driving his cock deep into my body. We both moan loudly, our bodies writhing together in ecstasy. Jason pulls his face back slightly and grunts. "FUCK!"

His voice echoes off the walls, and a few seconds later he begins to fill me up with even more of his hot semen. Back to back orgasms for him hmm? Nice. I've lost count of mine. My hips are shivering so intensely that my whole body feels numb. I try to move but my legs are not responding. I can feel his seed moving through me like liquid fire, but it only adds to the pleasure I'm feeling. It feels like a nice warm blanket beside a fireplace inside of me, and my womb is completely filled.

***

After our rather absurd fuckfest, I lay down ontop of Jason after we both drink an entire bottle of water and we fall asleep naked in each others arms. When I wake up he is snoring gently next to me as the sun rises. My breasts and stomach are sticky with cum, and my thighs are still sore. I feels so good though. I pull some food out of my bag, a can of corn and I begin to eat it while casually peeing on the floor, I doubt either of us care anymore. Jason looks over at me with sleepy eyes as he sits up slowly.

"Good morning Miss Pissy," Jason smiles, rubbing my arm. "Sleep well?"

"Uh huh... I'm sorry you had to take the concrete floor." I reply with genuine sympathy.

"Can't be helped until we get outta this hellhole."

We spend the next couple of days naked, it's just the two of us and I only have a single set of spare underwear in my bag. During that time we decide to only eat one can a day, to save on food. We're hungry and it sucks but our sex is still great. On the third full day of being underground we finally dig our toilet bowl hole enough that we can slip through it. The drainage pipe has collapsed at all 3 exits though unfortunately so there's nothing down here except stale pisswater. Gross.

If we didn't smell bad before we sure as hell do now. We're so filthy with dirt, dust, cum and piss that we needed a bath last weekend. Nevertheless we don't really care and continue to fuck our smelly asses off anyways. On the fifth day, our drinking water supply is low, so we need to get out of here right quick. We wouldn't die from dehydration since our cells constantly regenerate but still being super thirsty 24/7 doesn't sound fun at all.

Thankfully by day seven, we're finally free and enjoying the warm summer sun on our filthy furry bodies. We find more food and water at a Walmart and eat and drink until we're full, before heading towards the river for a much needed bath. Along the way we spot several more skyscrapers that were once standing before but are now mere husks of their former selves. The red alien spaceship is still hovering in the exact same spot as it always has been.

When we reach the river, we place our food filled backpacks and weapons to the side and pull out a bunch of soap that we also looted from the big bad blue corporation. We walk down a set of stairs that descend into the river, so we can stand on them and go in slowly. I giggle like a little girl when my foot touches the cool, refreshing water. It looks slightly dirtier than before but still fairly clean, must be all the dust in the air slowly settling from the recent missile attack. Damn.

When the bottom of my asscheeks touch the water's surface, I look at Jason seductively. He pulls out a bar of soap, makes it wet and then begins to soap up my butt affectionately.

"You really know how to treat a lady, Jason." I whisper to him with a grin. I sigh happily in response as his bubbly hands work their way around my body. His hand slips between my legs and I let out an excited yelp as he cleans me there too. I enjoy slathering his chest and cock with soap as well and we both start to smell like not shit. We tease each others nipples and assholes, loving it all the while. We don't like cum or anything though, we want to save that for later tonight.

We spend almost half an hour in the river washing off all the grime from our long stay underground, until we finally emerge on the other side feeling refreshed and clean.

Bath quest completed! What?! No achievement?

'No.'

Kay.

The sun is setting over the horizon and the city is bathed in a beautiful orange glow. Well it would be pretty if it wasn't a smoldering ruin but you know. We head to a clothing store, one we've shopped at a few times and we enjoy playing dress-up with each other this time. Jason picks out a green pair of panties and a bra for me to wear, of course he does, along with a super short mini-skirt that barely covers my crotch and for sure leaves my asscheeks exposed. He also puts me in a charming little yellow tanktop with rainbows on it. It's so colorful that I could puke.

I dress him in basically all black, making him look as much like an original Matrix character as possible. Jason hasn't seen those movies so I slap him playfully for his movie sin. The sun has set completely by this point so we pull out our flashlights and make the thirty minute trek back to his homebase. Along the way I mention the school that I originally made my base at and says he knows where it is, so tomorrow he promises that we'll go and get my stuff. Damn Jason you be like a anthro GPS or something, he always seems to know where we are and we've never gotten lost. His navigation skills are far above mine for sure.

After we grab my stuff... well I guess we'll just have to keep looking for any signs of someone who possibly made the monstrous animal mutants from Anthro Smoothie mush. Yeah that's still the plot right now. Yup. Speaking of plot, Jason and I haven't found any more sacks of corpse goo. All the "new" ones we've found have been like egg shells without the yolk, which is why we think someone else is using it to make those... things. Anyway we'll get back to it soon... just let us enjoy ourselves for now dammit.

When we arrive at his outpost, which is a basic highschool, He turns on a gas powered generator that is near the indoor pool. It... feels good to be back here again, probably because I know what's coming for dessert.

We make our way to the locker rooms in the back, where he sleeps and keeps his personal belongings. I guess in a couple days, my stuff will be here as well. Along almost the entire side of one wall there's a bunch of like... cubby hole bunk beds? Not sure what they're called. It's basically just two extra long sleeping tubes stacked on top of one another and it's stuffed with blankets in the higher futons and at the one end. Knowing how good Jason is with his hands, I wouldn't be surprised if he made it himself somehow.

Ahem... anyway.

We put our gear and packs down and settle in. Jason strips down to his dark boxers, peeling the seemingly endless layers of emo black clothing off of him. Ok I may have gone too far with that. Once he's done I tease him slowly, although maybe not slowly enough. I play around with the bottom fabric of my yellow rainbow tank top, showing off my white bellybutton and the fur around it. I pull it up over my head and cast it onto the floor as I coax my lover to lay down onto the bottom bunk. He watches me eagerly as I peel off my miniskirt, his small half chub erection grows as he sees my lime-green colored panties. I position my ass over his crotch and begin to tease his cock by rubbing our underwear together while I'm in the cowgirl position.

"You wanna let me see how good you taste?" I growl as I start to rub his shaft through his boxers with my hands.

Jason nods silently, his mouth hanging open as I slip my fingers into his undershorts and pull out his mostly hard green cock. I give him a slow handjob as I run my tongue along the tip of his dick. He groans softly in response as I strive to lick his balls dry before going further up towards the head of his penis. As I'm licking around the head of his penis, Jason's eyes begin to close and I know it won't take him long to cum. He takes the initiative and rips my bra off as I pull away his boxers completely. He forcefully grabs onto my ass through my panties and my entire body quivers. It doesn't take him long to move my undies to the side as he thrusts himself into my wet slit. I gasp and moan in pleasure as I feel his thick shaft inside of me. His hands are strong and I enjoy the way they're gripping my buttcheeks. Oh shit, feels great.

"Fuuuck... Jason... fuck me!" I scream as his fingers dig into my fleshy thighs, making my legs quiver in delight. I push my hips back against him and start to hump his dick furiously. My ass is making loud thumping sounds as I continue to ride him. My pussy is absolutely melting right now as well. Cowgirl is honestly one of my favorite positions, being on top of his cock fills out my inner birth canal in all the right places. Jason groans softly as I bounce myself up and down his shaft like a horny teenager at prom. The friction on our skin and fur makes me squeal in delight as we both start to pant heavily. I'm loving every moment of this, I can tell that Jason is enjoying it as much as I am.

My pelvis starts to slam into the mattress harder as I lose control, I feel the warm wetness of Jason's semen inside of me as he cries out in ecstasy. I'm not too far behind either. I come undone and scream loudly as I orgasm while bouncing on his dick, my entire body numb from the intense pleasure. We last fucked two days ago but you know, feels fantastic every single time. Although we enjoy our pissplay much more, we've agreed to not do it in our bedroom where we actually sleep. Anywhere else in this god forsaken city is free game though. Jason kisses my neck softly, before pulling out of me. I turn around to face him, smiling widely. His penis is glistening with sweat and my juices, I can't help but lick his dick clean, which he likes quite a lot. He kisses me deeply and we fall asleep after that.

***

After a restful horny sleep, we wake up again and both of our bladders are aching badly, so we go out of our makeshift bedroom and head to the pool. It looks all dirty and gross so no one should ever swim in it anymore, but somehow it looks rather pretty in the moonlight. It's not night right now though it's morning, durr.

Jason is wearing his black boxers, I'm only wearing my green panties. We decide to have a pee holding contest, loser has to walk the entire way back to my school naked. It sounds sadistic and fun so we do it. I spread my legs and aim my kitty towards the pool, while Jason sits down beside me in much of the same unflattering position. We both writhe around for awhile, trying to ignore our ache that is slowly growing. My nipples harden and my anus clenches up. I'm not going to lose.

"You got this!" He grins at me encouragingly with a wicked grin.

"Fuck you..." I say playfully. "This- ah, was a horrible idea."

We both laugh. After several seconds pass I notice Jason is really feeling sore. He looks so cute when he's desperate. I feel a sharp jolt in my pussy about a minute later and I guess I too have a worried look on my face as my legs start to quiver uncontrollably.

"I'm not going to pee, I'm not gonna pee, I am not pissing... will not urinate..." I talk to myself in a vain, hey that's my misspelled name, attempt to stop myself from going weewee.

Jason laughs at my expense and I reply with a middle finger. He's clearly enjoying this, his dick is rock hard despite the primal need to drain his snake. After about ten minutes of us both sitting there awkwardly clutching our crotches, my bladder can hold out no longer.

"Fuck fuck fuck!" I cry out in agony and in pleasure... "No no... ahhh... dammit..."

My piss dam shatters and my panties are basically instantly soaked. Jason looks at my wet camel toe with admiration as piss splays out of my privates wildly. He watches as it mostly splashes into the pool and creates a tiny stain of yellow before disappearing within seconds of landing.

"Fff... ffff... you... fuck... yeeaaah..." I'm trying to hold back laughter but I can't help myself, damn I just love pissing too much!

It doesn't take him long to make an even bigger impact as he pulls out his dragon and fires away. We both sigh with relief as we pee to our heart's content. It feels so nice, I love wetting my panties almost as much as I love killing. Jason takes his time though, his stream goes far and wide across the entire pool area and he even urinates onto the opposite side of the deck like god damn the aim you can get with a penis is so unfair. The pool starts to glow a little more green as more and more of our piss is taken in, it's still largely dark blue though. Jason then stands up, and begins to walk towards the edge of the pool where I'm sitting and we share a kiss as he helps me up.

"Well, heave ho." He snickers as he pulls off my green panties rather forcefully.

I yelp in surprise and embarrassment, not sure why I feel the latter. Damn you primal instincts! I take my panties from his grubby paws and throw them into the pool, where they will remain until the end of time I'm sure.

"Now you'll have to be naked for the rest of the day young lady. Let's get your stuff from your school shall we?" Jason laughs as he smacks my ass.

Ugh, no fair... I almost had him. All I'm allowed to wear is my sword and its belt. Everything else is being left here. Jason will carry our supplies of food and water for the day while I will have to carry my stuff back so... yeah. We both go up to the roof for breakfast and I try to get used to being naked while the bastard Jason is fully clothed. Dammit all why'd it have to end this way?!
