Vicky, The Unluckiest Thief in the World

Author: Vaine Steele

*000*2022-11-02 00:37

Heya everyone, V here. This is a story concept that I've had in mind since my high school days, horny me I know.

Anyway I've never really written much porn at all so forgive me if it's kinda crappy lol. I'm gonna learn as I go.

Even so I hope you enjoy. I should have the first chapter up ina few hours. I'll try to get a table of contents on this first post if it's possible. Been a long ass time since I've been on a forum we'll see how this goes.

As a DISCLAIMER, this story is extremely silly and cartoonish. Do not rob places in the middle of the night and slowly get stripped by the environment. Just you know, just don't rob places at all lol. This story is purely fictional. If it somehow offends you, that's ok. It's not real.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Chapter 1 - A Simple Home Invasion

*001*2022-11-02 02:30

Clothing Worn in this Chapter

Upper Body: blue bra, white T-shirt, black biker’s jacket

Lower Body: blue panties, black jeans and belt

Hands: Black leather gloves

Feet: White Socks, Black Running Shoes

Chapter 1: Vicky’s First Job, A Simple Home Invasion... Right?

Hello all! My name is Vicky. This will be a record of all my thieving achievements for when I eventually become the greatest master of shadows in the world! I may only be 18 and fresh outta school but I got a knack for sticky fingers in more ways than one.

Muahahahahaha!

At least I hope so. I’m live streaming this somehow with some technology from some future so who knows what’ll happen? Ehh, I’m sure it’ll be fine. My first ever job is a simple one anyway, gotta start off small after all.

So what’re we doing tonight Internet? Well... lemme tell ya.

There’s this small home in some rich abandoned suburbs that’s been rather infamous in my hometown for awhile. All the local thiefs from the municipal thieves guild have told me to stay the hell away from this place. But I’ve ignored them, they’re all superstitious losers as far as I’m concerned.

They say the place is haunted and still occupied by some spirits, pff as if. Ghosts aren’t real. Alas there is a prize inside this small wrongfully feared house.

A one-of-a-kind 24 karat gold Mario Bros. NES Cartridge worth about $20000 dollars. Woo wee! If I could steal it and sell it I’d be the talk of the underworld! In.. my small town of about 2000 people.

But still, as I said, it’s a start. And 20K would be enough for me to leave home and go see the world! The amount of artifacts around the globe for me to take are downright endless. I’d be a million-billionaire in no time flat!

But alas it now begins, my first heist ever. Should be simple enough. I’ve trained for hours for this moment... I should be ok. The house itself is.. relatively normal looking. A basic blue and white color scheme, a lit front porch. Two stories, a garage-door half rusted with age.

Hmm. The home is still getting power. Interesting. I wasn’t expecting that. Regardless, in the field of battle, things can change. I have to adapt. I sneak to the left side of the house and try to open a couple windows. Both of them are locked. Darn. I go to the front again and make my way to the right side of the house. Both ground floor windows are also shut tight.

Well I shouldn’t assume it would have been that easy to get in. That’s ok.. I have one more solid plan up my sleeve. To the back of the house! In the overgrown backyard there’s a huge cellar door in the ground, locked of course. But I check out the two back windows and thankfully the second one is open!

Yehoo!

Phew I was almost outta options there. Maybe I should bring a lockpick next time?

...

Nah, I’d have to learn how to use one. Too much work.

Anyway the window is small but I should be able to fit through. I’m a hot 10/10 babe afterall in my humble opinion, I’m thin as a rake. I lay down on the ground on my stomach and begin to work my way to the window.

Ok.. here... we... go.

I slip my head and arms into the house. Below me there’s an old yet bare workshop table that I can put my gloved hands on. Perfect. The dust I kick up makes me cough but I can bear it. My boobs grunt a little bit but I manage to slip them through. Excellent.

Just a little more to go now and I’ll be insid-

As soon as I think that I feel something behind me getting stuck. I grunt and I pull but nothing happens.

Dammit my ass is too big and juicy! I can’t fit through!

Wait a second my ass isn’t even touching the window yet... I think it’s my belt that got stuck on something. Shit. This is bad. I’ve gotta keep moving but I’m legit stuck. I try to pull myself through for about half an hour and don’t seem to be getting any closer.

That’s when I notice that I kinda have to pee. My crotch and butthole tighten slightly when my brain notices that I have to use the bathroom. Great, just great.

I guess I have no choice. I have to go back to the yard and try to find another way in... maybe pee in the tall grass beforehand... I hate not using a toilet but man I didn’t notice just how much I had to go until now.

Before I can change my mind though I hear a loud RIIPP and I smack into the table and roll onto the cold hard concrete.

Ow... Ow ow... dammit! That was loud! Shit! Good thing nobody lives here. As I assess the new situation I notice that the window has slammed shut... and my pants are caught inside of it. I look down and notice my fine legs and blue panties staring back up at me.

Oh my god I have no pants on.. and I’m not at home! What the fuck is happening?

I moan lightly and reflexively grab my crotch and am quickly reminded of my need to piss. Fuck. Besides that my body seems to be ok. Let me just calm down and analyze the situation. It’s what I’m good at. The only way out is forward... yeah. I’ll just go upstairs, search for a oldass bathroom and pee in a broken toilet. As gross as that’ll be it’ll be better than pissing outside. Then I’ll be able to resume my search for the treasured NES cart.

Ok, we have a new plan! We should be fine now.

...

Or that’s what I would say if I didn’t hear the loud creek of the basement door opening. Oh shit!

I do my best to hide myself beneath the basement stairs, laying flat on my stomach and hiding myself with old dusty boxes I stay as still as possible as I see warm light pouring into the cellar.

Warm... fuck my crotch is feeling fuzzy. I almost have to be so bad that I can’t think straight!

It’s ok... just endure it.

An old man slowly works his way down the stairs and a loyal senior bloodhound follows closely behind him.

Shit... this place is occupied! The rumors of ghosts were all bullshit some gross ass fat old man lives here! What the fuck?

“Hello?” The old man shouts out. “Anybody dere?”

The dog sniffs around and the old man turns his head to the left and the right. My bladder feels very swollen. I almost want to piss right now just to make the annoying pain go away but I resist.

“Must’ve been those dang rats again...” The senile fart sighs and begins to walk his way up the stairs.

Phew... they left.

Wait... they’re not gone. The dog is still downstairs, sniffing away. God dammit dog go away!

I continue to lay there, my stomach flat to the ground. My blue panties would shimmer against the moonlight if they could. I’m scared. Sorta scared, sorta horny but in a lot of pain. The fuck is wrong with me?

As much as I panic and beg inside the dog doesn’t go away. He sniffs and sniffs and pushes the boxes aside and seems to have found me.

Shit, it’s over! I’ve been caught!

... Which is what I would say if the dog howled out to alert his master. But he didn’t. He just stares at me intently. Either me or my panties I can’t tell which. The fuck?

I cry softy and whimper and I feel a slight drip come out of my pussy. Fuck I pee’d a little. I really REALLY have to go.

The dog seems to smile... smile?

He puts his nose directly over my underwear covered butthole and takes a big loud sniff. I nearly yelp in surprise.

“Beg your pardon young miss” The dog speaks, the dog freaking speaks English. “It’s been such a long time since I’ve seen a cute and young ass I couldn’t help myself. Nice panties.”

I’m in complete shock that I can’t even speak. I sit up, groaning in pain as the dog continues to admire my lower body. Great, a pervert and a talker? What the actual fuck am I in a Disney porno movie or what is going on?

“I hope I’m not intruding but I’ve taken from your smell that you really need to take a leak.” The Dog continues, “There’s a bathroom on the second floor that you can use. Don’t worry the old man can’t hear a damn thing he won’t hear you go up and piss out a river.”

I’m just about to oddly thank this alien beast of a canine but then he concludes.

“Just hand over your jacket and shirt, I’d love to see you pee but I’m not that cruel. Seeing a fine young lady like you in her underwear though ahh, that’d give me such joy.”

I’m flabbergasted. The perverted sentient dog wants my shirt off. Of course he does. Why wouldn’t he. Could this evening get any worse?! Yes... yes it could.

“You’re a sicko.” I manage to grumble.

The pain in my abdomen is so intense by now though that I instinctively listen to him and give him my jacket and shirt. I’m now in my underwear watching a literal dog leer at me. Gross.

“Ok you may go.” He snickers.

I didn’t even know dogs could laugh.

Without thinking about it too hard I get up and bolt up the cellar stairs. My clit lips are absolutely throbbing but it shouldn’t be too long now before I find the room I need. I run up the second story stairs on all fours like some kinda kid and that’s when my real trial begins.

Without warning, four robotic arms grab me. Two hold onto my wrists and two hold onto my calves.

I don’t even know what’s happening anymore what the fuck is up with this creepy ass house?!

I hear a loud slow clap and a laughter that chills me to the bone. Bright lights suddenly go off all around me and I’m completely lit up and exposed.

“The rat has been caught.” I hear the old geezer laugh. “Good work boy.”

The dog simply barks.

When my eyes adjust to the light I notice that the old man is fully naked and fully erect. Gross. I am completely repulsed by him. Everything except for the smell of his dic- dammit Vicky! Focus girl!

“What do you want with me?” I manage to groan out while squeezing my clit together as hard as I can. “Don’t do anything or I’ll call the police!”

“Girl,” The old man grins. “You broke into my house... who's side do you think the police will take?”

I suddenly fill up with fear. I could die tonight after being raped over and over.

“Don’t worry.” The senile shit assures me. “I won’t kill you... or rape you. I merely wanna watch.”

“Watch what?” I blurt out.

“Watch you struggle. Watch you piss yourself. Watch that sweet orgasmic face of yours light up once you finally get blissful relief.”

The true horror of my situation finally hits me. I’m not going to find that toilet am I?

The old man walks downstairs and the robotic hands lead me to a kitchen floor. The appendages force me to have my head down and my ass up. This is so embarrassing fuck! I can’t hold it much longer!

The gray grandpa starts to masturbate and I turn away with a bright red face.

“Dog.” He orders. “Begin.”

Begin?? Begin what??

I groan in agony. The dog carefully takes off my black running shoes, socks and gloves. It only takes a minute but with my pussy about to explode it feels like hours. Surely my panties are very wet now from the small spurts of pee I’ve let loose. I can feel them clinging damply to my clit.

Fuck fuck fuck! I... I gotta hold on! Please... Gah.

Then, without warning, I feel a large warm and wet tongue on my panties, I can hear loud slurping sounds and I involuntarily groan from both pain and pleasure. I turn around and notice that the dog is licking me down there and licking me hard.

Fuck. It feels good. It feels too good. What the actual hell? I’m not a pervert! Why’s this feel so good?

I clench myself harder than I ever have before... but it’s no use. I know I’m at my limit, I can feel it. My fight is almost over.

The dog somehow pulls down my panties with its teeth, exposing my tight asshole and loose drenched pussy to the outside air. Fuck it feels too good. I’m gonna burst. The dog begins to lick my anus and I let out loud and continuous moans. I’ve never felt such pleasure before. My shining butthole and clit are about to make me cum.

I hold in a silent scream. I feel my orgasm wash over me and my legs tremble. With my willpower and physical seal broken, I begin to urinate. Slowly it trinkles out at first but then it turns into a steady stream that runs down my leg, followed by quick laser bursts of golden liquid that shoot out across the room.

Holy shit it feels so good. Ahh I feel so much better fuck... fuck the old man... is watching me. It’s turning me on. The clamps around my body come off, or maybe they came off a while ago but regardless I start to rub my clitoris and rub it hard. I’m still pissing like a fucking mule. I hear him groan and see him shoot his seed.

So vile... so.. hot?

Some of it lands on my buttcheeks as I continue to masturbate. I force the last of the urine out of me and rub myself as hard as I can. I climax again and I feel like I’m in heaven.

I breathe in deeply, satisfied at the warm fuzziness throughout my body. I’d never climaxed while pissing before.. I never thought it could feel so divine.

When I remember where I am after a couple of minutes I cover myself out of embarrassment.

The old man is simply sitting down at his round kitchen table, still very much in the nude.

“Don’t be embarrassed girl, you put on a great show. I haven’t felt that elated in years.” The old man complimented me and it felt strangely good.

As I look around awkwardly, I notice I don’t see any of my clothing anywhere. Besides my blue bra I’m completely naked right now.

“You came here for the treasure correct?” He laughs happily. “I’m afraid that I cannot part with it. However if you take your bra off and let me snap a few pictures of you I’ll give you 10K, that’s half of what you wanted hmm?”

I can’t believe this guy! He already basically had me underneath his sexual thumb and now he asks this of me!?

Wait- 10K for a few pictures?

I think it over for a moment and say “what’s the catch?”

“No catch.” He replies “You’ll just have to walk home in the nude. That’s all. I’m keeping all your clothing as... trophies.”

Well... shit. If he’s not giving me back my panties anyway it won’t make too much of a difference.

“Fine...” I grumble.

I undo my bra and let my C-Cup titties loose upon the world. They’re all sweaty and hot right now anyway.

At least the old cuck is elated because he’s constantly been snapping pictures.. for about 5 minutes now.

“Are we done?” I say as he snaps back to reality.

“Almost.” He says.

He pulls what I can only describe as a silver buttplug out of a nearby drawer, he opens it up somehow and sticks a rolled up stack of cash inside of it. It seals itself with a beep.

“This is a buttvault.” He smiles. “It’ll unlock once you get home. Assuming you keep it in your anus the whole time.”

I couldn’t believe this... one... final.. humiliation.

My face glows bright red and I mutter, “Pervert.” as I bend over and spread my ass cheek to the side.

“Good girl.” He says plainly.

The buttplug slides into my butthole with little issue. Holy shit it’s so warm! Gah.

“If you wanna play again for more cash, you know where to find me.” He cackles.

“Sorry old man I’m leaving this shitty town... I have much more ambitions than peeing in front of you. I wanna take a piss off of the Eiffel Tower... off of mount rushmore... off of whereever else. And I wanna do it far far away from you.” I say proudly and pevertedly.

The fuck is wrong with me?

“Good. Be sure to live stream it when you do.” The smelly bastard winks.

“Yeah yeah. Oh shit- my live stream followers would have seen this whole thing.”

I pull my phone from the ether and look at it. 25000 followers. Shit. I only had 2100 this morning. Welp.

I thank the old man for not turning me over to the cops and I run out the door.

I basically jog home naked... don’t think I’ll be doing that again. I could tell you how I almost got caught twice and peed myself once for the fun of it but that’d take up more time to explain.

When I get home I rush into my bedroom and pull the buttplug out. As I do so it turns green and opens up. The money inside is fresh and smells like my booty. Oh great.

I go to my bathroom and take one final piss before bed.

I... will never be the same again after tonight. But I am still Vicky the Thief! I’ll be the most famous bandit one day! You’ll see! The world will see!

*002*2022-11-02 02:33

Feel free to tell me what you think and be honest. I'll post more chapters soon but for now taking a break. I only have a few planned out but uhh, could always go beyond that if there's an audience for this... unique silliness.

