Yellow Snowgrave - A Deltarune Pee Fanfic

Author: Vorund Sorent

*000*2022-01-15 17:38

I haven't written fanfiction in like half a decade, but hey, when inspiration strikes. Back then I know some people here enjoyed a previous one of my stories, so I thought I'd share this one too. Warnings for explicit sexual content at the end, dubcon, d/s dynamics, and of course pee stuff. Starts off more lighthearted then gets horny. I can't promise quality, but I can guarantee earnestness. Characters are depicted as 18+.

If you want to read on AO3 (with slightly better formatting), the link is here: https://archiveofourown.org/works/36424873/chapters/90821737

###

“This is the HOTTEST tea shop! HOT HOT HOT!! 50% off!”

Noelle peeked shyly around the corner. These alleyways were truly a labyrinth, and, like seemingly all of Cyber City, populated entirely with vast numbers of strange little guys. This was in many ways a good thing – she had only just barely managed to shake Queen off her tail this last time, and thankfully the maze of neon-spattered city streets and side-roads provided an enumerable number of handy hiding spots and various cubby holes. If she couldn’t quite escape being advertised to, she could at least escape being captured again, and – God forbid – having her face turned into a robot one. Whatever that meant.

“For $100, choose your OWN flavor!!”

Having checked the store-fronts for a second time and seeing no sight nor sound of Queen, Noelle hurried out and across the street, aiming to backtrack to where she had last seen Susie, and Kris. She kept her head down and sped across the road at a brisk pace, but unfortunately – and typically – didn’t quite manage to escape the searching gaze of the smiling lil’ guy hawking tea in front of the store.

“You there! Girl in the strange shoes! You can choose your OWN flavor!” The Addison continued in their exuberant monotone. “And for a limited time only, free samples of SOMEBODY ELSE’s own flavor!”

Noelle paused in front of the store. “Th- these aren’t shoes!” She blushed slightly. “They’re my hooves…”

“Ah, hooves! All the better for handling the heated floors of the HOTTEST tea shop!” They brandished a tray of oddly colored beverages, only slightly threateningly. “Do you want to chose your OWN flavor?”

“Um, maybe I could take a free sample?” Noelle glanced about, hoping that she wouldn’t be drawing too much attention.

“For a limited time only!!!” the Addison shouted excitedly, “a Lightner came through here earlier, ordered a gallon of her OWN flavor, and then refused to pay. [[Reminder that all purchases made at the HOTTEST tea shop® are non-refundable non-fungible transactions recorded to the Cyber Blockchain.]] So for a limited time only, you can try HER OWN FLAVOR, as a free sample!!”

“Well, I suppose I-” Noelle stopped, already finding a surprisingly dainty teacup filled with a murky pink liquid shoved into her hands, “oh, okay, sure!!”

Warily, she raised the cup to her lips, and-

“Oh my God!!! What’s in this!”

Maybe she’d made a mistake ignoring all the other vendors on her way here. These Dark World goods were better than she’d thought!

“It’s her OWN flavor!” repeated the excited Addison.

“Such a… deep flavor, and a pungent aroma as well…” Noelle closed her eyes, taking it in. “How much of this do you have??”

“For a limited time price of only $200, our entire stock is yours!” The Addison bounced up and down at the prospect of possible sale, only just barely managing to keep the precariously balanced tray of ‘OWN flavor’ teas from spilling onto the ground.

“Well gee... I guess Queen did lend me that temporary royal credit card so that I could commission bitcrushed techno beats and AI-generated portraits of her face as part of her plan to take over the world…”

“At the HOTTEST tea shop, we accept all forms of currency!” the Addison babbled, “simply insert card here.” They opened their mouth in a wide grin, revealing mechanical slot for a card reader where one would expect a throat to be.

Well, anything for commerce, thought Noelle. “O-okay…”

Noelle didn’t have nearly enough inventory space to carry the massive multi-gallon jar of pungent pink liquid that the Addison subsequently produced, but then she hadn’t been planning on saving any of it anyway. It was just too good, and she savoured every minute of it.

Some time later…

“K… Kris…? Isn’t that the wrong way…?”

Somehow she was already regretting this. She’d known Kris almost as long as she could remember, but it was no secret that the human had always been a little strange, especially recently. There was something different in the way they carried themselves, a sort of vacancy in the eyes through which Noelle could sense a distant… coolness. It was the sort of look she wasn’t quite sure she liked, although with it she could also sense a faint aura of confidence that the Kris of her childhood – never quite fitting in, never quite belonging – had often lacked. In a way, that was comforting. Kris seemed far more in their element here than Noelle felt, and given how close that last encounter with Queen had been, she needed somebody near her that she could stick to. Someone she could rely on in this strange world they had both ended up in.

...At least, until she found Susie again, that was…

Kris glanced at her wordlessly, beckoning her on in the direction they had chosen. “Well, at least it’s further away from where Queen wanted to go,” she thought to herself. Kris had been walking around here longer than she had, and probably knew some good hiding spots. Or maybe that was where Susie had gone? Susie and… her mind skated lightly over the strange, yet familiar figure she had seen with Susie before, and focused back on Kris. She followed.

She had barely taken two steps before something burst around the corner, a strange creature made of angles and lines throwing itself into the pair of Lightners and forcing them to jump back. Noelle shrieked as she landed, something in her stomach shifting somewhat uncomfortably. The world around them looked… different somehow, the background seeming to oddly fade away. Kris had drawn their sword and stood facing the creature, ready for action. All three of them stood still.

Taking a few moments to wonder why nobody was saying anything at these strange events, she turned to Kris. “H-huh!? What’s going on!? What are we doing!?”

Kris raised their shield. “Cast Iceshock,” they said.

“W- Huh?”

Kris stared at the creature, and didn’t repeat themselves. Oh well, they never really had been one for words. Iceshock? Like in ‘Dragon Blazers 2’? Did they mean… Noelle raised her hand, uncertainly.

Suddenly, a chill seemed to fill the air around her. A strange sense of power overtook her, and, before she knew it, cold was seeping into her clothes, running up her arm, and- bam! The feeling shot out of her, flying towards the creature. Was she doing this? Somehow she wasn’t so sure. Her family had always had a little ice magic in them, but nothing quite like this. Kris’ words, and this strange world, seemed to have filled her with new potential. Before she had a chance to think, ice crystals were forming on the body of the strange creature that had assaulted them, and a pale blue sheen was racing over its jagged outer skin. In no more than a few seconds, it hung before them in the air, frozen solid, an oddly pleasing, glittering popsicle sheen covering its slightly ominous pointy form. It looked something like a piece of bad modern art.

Kris put their shield away, and the world around them seemed to solidify back to how it had been before. Noelle had to catch her breath. It was a good thing she had Kris with her – this place seemed to be a lot more dangerous than she had thought! Creatures attacking them without a moment’s notice, jumping in their path, having to be dispatched by spells! No wonder Kris had been carrying weapons on their strange outfit. That must be how things worked around here – it really was like in ‘Dragon Blazers’.

She shivered, the remainder of the cold sensation of the spell still hanging in the air around her. She looked at Kris gratefully for telling her what to do – she really did feel more prepared now – but then hunched over slightly. The feeling she had first noticed in the combat was back, and she blushed to herself privately in embarrassment. She really had drunk to much of that wonderful tea earlier, and the cold chill of spellcasting plus the shock of their recent encounter apparently hadn’t helped matters. She wondered if the Cyber City had bathrooms. (Did computer people need bathrooms? Maybe to change their… electricity?).

Regardless of the answer to her question, Kris was already walking further in the direction they had been going before. Not wanting to lose them in the complicated twists and turns of the alleyways, Noelle followed. She’d have to keep an eye out for an appropriate place to powder her nose (both figuratively and literally – how else would she retain that perfect holly red sheen?).

The next few battles passed much the same as the first one had. Now that she was with Kris, assailants seemed to come across them at an ever increasing pace. The city apparently had a diverse fauna of dangerous creatures that Kris instructed her to deal with in the now familiar manner – “cast Iceshock”. Noelle felt the spell coming more easily each time, the rush of power building within her coming more easily from her fingers. Each combat session also seemed to increase the magnitude of the spell, the effect – the freezing of her opponent – becoming gradually stronger. Before long, very few foes took more than one or two castings to freeze entirely. Kris looked on approvingly at this. “Cast Iceshock,” they said, somehow layering greater meaning onto these words each time.

If Noelle had been paying more attention, she might have noticed some strange changes that were occurring in the city that the pair walked through. With each new corner they turned, the streets seemed to empty out, the population of weird lil’ guys selling various digital goods becoming increasingly sparse. The traffic on the roads – once jam packed to the point of stalling Noelle’s progress – was now almost uniformly barren, the odd car running in the opposite direction at the sight of the pair, the crosswalks occupied only by the odd frozen statue of a vanquished foe as Kris doubled back on their route in their oddly… thorough exploration of the ends of the Cyber City’s streets and alleyways.

Noelle however did not notice this, because she was increasingly starting to have a major problem that occupied that larger part of her awareness that wasn’t focussed on follow Kris and freezing various enemies. In retrospect, drinking more than a gallon of strange pink liquid while exploring a bizarre computer city in another world might not have been the best of ideas, but Noelle had never been one for extensive forethought about this kind of thing.

When she was younger, she had misjudged her capacity for drinking large amounts of kid-friendly eggnog on night-time forest treks without adequate bathroom breaks more than once, resulting in frantic runs back to the house, and – on one memorable occasion – an embarrassing incident where she hadn’t quite made it in time. Kris had had a hysterical time teasing the poor girl, and Azzy had had to lead her back to her house on his own, the tearful Noelle trying to hide her wet clothes as they crossed the street. She had made sure to always be a more mindful after that, and nothing similar had repeated itself since, especially now that she was no longer a child.

...Noelle tried to push the uncomfortable prospect out of her mind.

The issue was that her excess with the tea earlier was starting to recall some of those previous incidents uncomfortably vividly. She crossed her legs together and shifted, hoping Kris wouldn’t notice her awkward pose. She certainly wouldn’t let them know – the last thing she wanted was for Kris to bring up the old story once again, especially when they were both in such a precarious situation. Steeling herself internally and ignoring the nagging urge, she continued on.

Rounding a corner into a slightly larger city plaza, the pair came across a billboard with a large poster of a ferris wheel displayed prominently across the front, slogans lining the board next to it. Noelle was impressed; the depicted ride was huge! Kris stopped in front of the billboard, and Noelle followed.

“Gosh, that’s amazing! Makes the one at the festival look like a toy, haha!” Noelle paused for a moment, remembering the funfair ferris wheel at the Hometown festival, where young couples would queue up for a brief moment’s alone time situated above the bustle and festival lights. “I… I wonder if Susie would want to…” She stopped, and laughed at herself. Was she being too obvious in front of Kris? “...Gosh, who am I kidding.”

Kris turned to her, and, unusually, spoke. “I will ride with you.”

Noelle once again cast her mind back to those trips as a kid. She knew what that entailed. “Oh, so you can shake it when we reach the top?” She laughed, and, internally, cringed at the thought of being on a rocking ferris wheel car in her present… predicament. “Just like at the festival when we were kids? I KNOW there’s a catch with you, Kris! NO thanks!”

Kris tilted their head, and looked at her. Their expression was almost blank… almost, but not quite.

“Noelle will ride with me.”

“H- Huh?” Noelle suddenly felt put on the spot. Something about her childhood… friend(?)’s tone seemed different, this time. “I mean… S-sure, if you, um… really want to! You can, um, make up for when we were kids!”

Kris stared at her. Somehow she felt that that wasn’t exactly what they had in mind. Since when did Kris get so… no, no way, it had to be some kind of prank.

Kris, whose gaze had been fixed on Noelle, abruptly turned away, and started to walk away from the billboard. Noelle started to take a step to follow them, then abruptly stopped short. A pang shot through her bladder, and – gosh, this was worse than she had thought – she had to catch herself to avoid what might have been a slight dampness in her panties. Wow, this was a bad time for Kris to be acting so weird. She’d have to excuse herself for a moment.

“Kris? H-hold on a moment.”

Kris stopped and turned back around.

“I… do you know if there’s any sort of bathroom around here? I need a moment before we keep going!”

Kris stared at her blankly.

“K-Kris?” She paused a moment. “I said-”

“Proceed.”

Kris was staring at her, their eyes meeting hers. It was a steady gaze, and, somehow, the most intense look that anyone had given in her entire life. The faint air of blank coldness was now enhanced, but matched by a kind of compelling intensity that at once both horrified her and pulled her deeper in. A sense emanated from Kris that whoever was on the receiving end of that look, *would* do what they said.

Noelle didn’t even argue.

Squeezing her legs together ever so slightly, Noelle turned to keep following Kris. Something in her head felt fuzzy, and she had started walking again almost before she even had a chance to realise it. Each footstep sent a dull pang to her bladder, but the odd feelings she was getting from Kris forced her to ignore the discomfort. In a day that had already been filled with more than enough weird magic shit, Noelle wasn’t sure if this new kind of enchantment scared or excited her – and not knowing the difference made her nervous enough in itself. She wondered if Kris knew what she was feeling, or if they were oblivious to her entirely. Just what had happened to her childhood playmate?

Rounding the next corner, Noelle failed to notice the next smiling Addison until they were already trying to sell them something.

“Ohhon!! Two young beings together on a school night… Could I interest you in some brand new Dating Shoes…?”

“H-huh…? Noelle stammered, taken aback. “No, no, you’ve got it totally wrong! Kris and I are just… umm…”

She glanced at Kris. They stared back coldly. Noelle shivered, then jumped, squeezing her legs together a little more tightly. This was no time to be losing focus!

“Fr… friends?”

Kris had been her neighbour forever. They’d been through so much, sometimes it felt like they knew each other better than anyone. Yet, somehow, it was hard to say they were exactly friends. Especially now. Especially now that Kris had started leading her through this bizarre place, and talking to her so strangely. Now that Kris had a strange sort of ulterior intent in their tone. No, it felt a lot more like-

“We’re something else,” Kris announced.

Well, yes, that was becoming more true by the minute. But, what did it mean? There was no good interpretation, that was for sure.

Kris turned and began marching in the other direction, but it seemed that the would-be shoes salesperson hadn’t quite given up hope on getting something out of them. Noelle guessed they must not yet have noticed the disruption that she and Kris had been spreading through the city in their wake. Even Noelle was starting to be unnerved by the icy sculptures glittering under the Cyber City neon. Just… what was she doing? But she didn’t dwell on it for too long. Her attention was fully occupied by Kris, and the distracting, swollen feeling in her abdomen. That and the Addison, who was waving and calling out again.

“If you’re something else, maybe a Dating Shoes isn’t right…?” they pleaded, trying to call Kris back. “Maybe I could interest you in a FreezeRing?”

“Huh…? A ring…?” Noelle thought that that sounded even more inappropriate to her and Kris’… situation… than a Dating Shoes. “Faha, sorry, I don’t think WE need something like that!”

“C’mon, angel!” the chatty Addison needled, “you can’t get stronger without good equipment!”

“Stronger…? R-right, I guess that’s how it works here…”

They did have a point, after all. Noelle had played more than her fair share of Dragon Blazers, fought more than her fair share of random encounters in that game, and, if the same rules applied, then, well, getting stronger was the point, wasn’t it? Isn’t that what they had been doing? Why Kris had been collecting Dark Dollars from the creatures she had ki- that she had defeated? Why she was the one casting the spells. To get stronger… Kris wanted her to be stronger.

Still, it didn’t seem like Kris was the type to treat her to new equipment before themself. Not with their new assertive edge to their personality. Kris buying her a ring? Yeah, righ-

“Get it.”

There it was. That voice again. Noelle froze. A chill seemed to run down the back of her neck, travelling down her spine, dancing around inside of her until- ah!

Noelle squeezed her legs shut tightly. She had almost lost control again. God, she needed to pee bad. She… she had to……

Kris was still staring at her. She straightened up and tuned back into the situation at hand.

“H… huh?” The voice still had her disorientated. “Kris, you’d… buy it for me…? Sure, I guess… we could ask about it. How much does it cost?”

“Just a small fee of $(n+1)!” announced the Addison, proudly.

“Huh? S-sorry, we don’t have that much money!” Damn, just slightly off as well! Still, it was nice of Kris to offer...

“Get it.”

Noelle’s head snapped up once again at the sound of their voice. “Huh? Me…? You… were asking ME to get it?”

What was happening, she thought to herself, the sounds of her own internal monologue bouncing around her head as though the situation would start to make more sense with repetition. What was Kris…?

“Kris, c’mon, you know we can’t afford that…”

“Get it.”

“Wh… what?”

Did they mean? No, they couldn’t mean…

“Kris, I just told you, we… we don’t have the money.” Noelle shivered again. She almost didn’t notice the warm drop of dampness that slightly moistened her underwear, taking advantage of her distraction. She clamped down tightly. She had to focus on Kris now.

“What… what are you asking me to do…? You… you aren’t asking me to just…?”

“Get it.”

They absolutely were asking her to.

“K-Kris, no, I… not me, I could never…”

Couldn’t she? Could she? She had been getting stronger after all. In this world… you had to keep… getting…

“Get it.”

“I……”

She got the FreezeRing.

As she slipped it on, a shock flooded through her body, and multiple things happened at once. Firstly, she felt a surge of potential. The magical power that Kris had unlocked in her in that first battle had been building inside of her, almost as rapidly as the growing ache inside her bladder, but now she could feel, instantly, that it had been magnified sevenfold. She felt deadly. She felt lethal. She also felt…

Cold. The power that shot through her body, radiating out from the ring, took the form of an icy chillness that settled into her veins. She was no stranger to snow, and this cold felt like part of her, but that made no difference to the biting pain it inflicted. Noelle gasped, and then her muscles spasmed, both from the intensity of the moment and shock of cold. A short but powerful burst of confusingly hot piss shot out from her trembling crotch and soaked into the fabric of her panties, the one warm patch in her newly frozen world. “Eeep!” she shrieked, shoving her hand up against her now slightly wet pussy as she bent forward, struggling to stop the flow. Thankfully, she had caught it before it had gotten out of hand. She looked up. Kris was staring at her, expression blank.

If they had a slight grin on their face, Noelle didn’t even notice it.

Suddenly very conscious of her awkward, hunched over pose, Noelle blushed and straightened up- paused, calmed herself again (God, she *really* had to go), and then straightened up more slowly. It was only then that she realized that the Addison was gone. She looked around, then down at herself. The wet fabric of her panties were still stuck to her most sensitive areas, warm and damp. Almost... enticing. What... what had just happened? Did she actually just...? Noelle paused, unsure whether she was asking herself about the missing Addison, or the fact that she had almost pissed herself in front of Kris. But, no. They... they must have given it to them. The ring.

She looked over at Kris. They were definitely smiling now. It was not a warm smile, but it was, strangely, approving. Noelle looked down at her new ring. She felt both weak and strong at the same time. She met Kris' gaze, then looked away. It was good to get stronger, wasn't it?

"Th... thanks, Kris!"

She had to stay strong. Kris was teaching her - helping her - to get stronger.

...Maybe in more ways then one?

Apparently approving of her new attire, Kris stepped forward into the alleyway adjoining the former Addison's store front. Noelle followed, although her once carefree walk, turned into a solemn, wary trot, was now something closer to a cautious waddle. Every new step seemed to put new pressure on her crotch, her bladder straining for release from the deluge of delicious pink tea that she had gulped down what now seemed like several lifetimes ago.

Around the next corner Kris arrived at another one of the puzzles of a type that she had seen on her previous journey trying to escape from Queen. A bolt of electricity arced across the alleyway, almost entirely blocking the path. Kris paused in front of it, considering one of the two identical switches on either side of the obstacle. Noelle jumped at the opportunity to prove herself.

"When you step off the switch, the lightning comes back... How about... I hold it down, and you go across?"

Kris nodded at her approvingly, and strode through the gap. Noelle thought about- What? No! She hadn't thought anything!

Kris silently placed themself onto the opposing button, and Noelle stepped off of hers to follow them through. When she reached the place where the lightning had been arcing just moments before, she suddenly was struck by a horrible thought. She imagined Kris stepping off of the button, the jolt of electricity intercepting her body and flowing through her... the sharp light and pain, and, most of all... the loss of control... the image of her loose fitting dress becoming soaked in the warmth flowing out of her, her loose muscles leaving her lying in a warm puddle on the ground in front of Kris, the relief- no!

Noelle stopped short, and clamped her legs together. Even that unpleasant thought had been sufficient to send a fresh jolt through her swollen bladder. God, she was shaking now, even when she wasn't thinking about it. So much of her brain, sometimes unconsciously, often a lot less so, was now dedicated to commanding her muscles to "shut!", to preventing the flood gates inside of her from letting loose. Trying her best to straighten up again, she walked towards Kris, dismissing her prior thought. She was fine.

"See, Noelle?", she thought to herself. "Nothing bad is going to happen. Getting that ring... was good, wasn't it? So... stop thinking about it. Stop thinking about just letting go, right here and now. About letting Kris see how you were struggling to control yourself and hold it in by just releasing yourself, right in front of them. In not postponing the shame -" hadn't she already got stronger? Hadn't she proven her control? Hadn't she waited enough? "Noelle, no, don't think that! It's horrible..." She didn't want to piss herself in front of Kris!!!

"It's natural."

"K-Kris...?" she exclaimed, out loud this time in shock. "What are you talking about!?" She... must have said that out loud? What was she thinking!?

Kris was staring at her again, now. Why did she feel like she was completely naked in front of them, as if this new, strange Kris could see right through her body, right through to her very soul, right into the swollen ball of liquid that she was currently clutching just above her equally swollen, pulsing, damp-

God, what was wrong with her? Was she really going to succumb now? Let it all go?

No. She knew what she had to do. She had to get stronger - to *be* stronger. She had to keep holding it. Kris was helping her be stronger. They had already trained her magic - now it was time for her body, and her mind.

One shaking step after another, Noelle started walking once more.

They had been trotting through the backstreets for another five minutes or so, Noelle flagging further and further behind the silent, striding Kris as she pushed forward, willing her body to keep going even as she found herself pushing almost beyond her limit. Her face was flush, and a tingling seemed to creep down across her hands and her feet as her whole body became warm and fuzzy, an intense arousal the only thing starting to match the terrible, terrible urge to wet herself as she took step after shaking step. Instinctively, Noelle cast around for a bathroom, just as she had on that night all those years ago, taking shaking steps through the forest with Kris, Azzy and Dess. Just like then, there was nowhere to take her relief, although she knew what words Kris would have for her, if she tried.

Just one word, to be precise. "Proceed".

As they passed another opening into a side-street, something large came barrelling out of it into their path. It's lanky, kaleidoscopic form, alongside its slightly low-bitrate wailing, like a muffled dial-up tone, identified it as a Werewire, one of the creatures that Noelle was more than familiar with at this point. Despite this, its sudden appearance startled the girl. With a slight gasp, she jumped back. Even though close to the entirety of her will was focussed on controlling her sphincter muscles, this was enough to cause a brief crack in the armour.

Another short jet of hot pee soaked her already wet panties, and Noelle was forced to hunch over once again, her hand pressed against her pussy like a TV infomercial host patching a hole in a submarine with FlexTape. Her eyes scrunched closed, she didn't even look as she raised her remaining had in front of her to wordlessly cast the spell that even now she knew that Kris was commanding. "Cast iceshock." As the blast of magic left her body, the icy shock of its wake passed through her once again, emanating from the biting FreezeRing on her hand. The clenching chill was enough to cause another few drops to leak past her grasping hand and dampen her panties - maybe even, a little bit, her dress? - even more so.

As the creature turned into a familiar icy statue in front of her, and the combat ended, Noelle still found herself hunched over, her knees and hips shaking, now both of her hands plunged into the folds of her dress between her legs as the taught fabric she was holding outlined the now noticeable bladder bulge sitting just above them. Quivering, she opened her eyes again.

Kris was standing directly in front of her, just a few inches separating her from her strange neighbour and one time friend, who was now her... her... she didn't even know any more. Her eyes opened wide, hints of tears glistening around their rims from the straight of effort.

Kris reached out and touched her breast.

Noelle gasped. She was so surprised she didn't even lose control, her slow-moving brain losing even the shock instinct that had caused her previous lapses. Instead, she just stood still, still hunched over, hands pressed through her clothes against her throbbing pussy, her wide eyes staring at Kris incredulously as they groped at her through the thin fabric of her Dark World outfit. One of their fingers ran over her nipple, which was also somewhat swollen, from both the tension of the moment and the bitter cold in her newly empowered body.

Kris' expression remained impassive, with just the slightest hint of a smile playing across their face. They continued their exploration, seemingly approving of what they found. They loosened their touch slightly, as if intending to withdraw, before suddenly, shockingly, squeezing down on her soft flesh hard, almost as if with intent to hurt. Noelle gasped, and felt a fresh shock of warm against her fingers as another few drops of warmth seeped through the fabric of her underclothes.

Now smiling more noticeably, Kris took their hand away.

"Lie down."

She did, of course. What choice did she have? She realized that she had already given herself to Kris, maybe before even she had put on the FreezeRing. Had she ever thought it would end up like this? Maybe some part of her had known, deep down. The part of her who had been enraptured by Kris' new air of confidence, by their compelling voice, by the release of will that came with the urge to follow their every command, to fight for them, to even deny her very body for their whims. Noelle had never thought anyone would be able to capture her so completely in such a short time, but, that voice... there was something about that voice...

As she knelt down on the hard ground of the city alley, she was forced to remove her hands from her crotch. As she did so, the full force of her bladder came down on her once again, and she let forth a soft moan. The action of folding her body onto the ground was squeezing her abdomen and the pressure was unbearable.

She spoke in a soft whisper. "Can I..."

"Hold it." Kris' voice was firm, just as firm as any of their prior commands.

Noelle shuddered, but obeyed. Her body screaming for release, she nonetheless proceeded to follow the voice, and, slowly, shakily, splayed herself out, backwards on the ground. A slight breeze blew through the alleyway, and up her now somewhat exposed dress, causing the wet patch on her panties to feel slightly cool. As she looked up at Kris smiling above her, she blushed as she realized that they could now see the damp stain.

"Take off your dress."

This was easier said than done, but once again, she obeyed. Struggling to retain control of herself while also shimmying in the right manner to free herself from the slim fitting garment, she reached up and pulled it out from under her and up over her head, casting it to one side. She was now lying on the ground in front of Kris, naked except for her wet panties and her bra clasped behind her back, the rounded bulge of her overfull bladder visible for anyone to see. The cold air pressed against her skin, her soft down of fur only slightly dulling the chill. She quivered.

Her bladder felt like it could explode at any moment.

Kris knelt down on the ground in front of her. At this angle, their hair fell away from their face, and for the first time in what felt like forever, Noelle could see their eyes clearly. They transfixed her in the same way as the voice had - wide, dark pupils, surrounded by irises that were - shockingly - tinted red! Since when had Kris had red eyes?! Since when had Kris... Kris...

Kris was reaching out to her again. Their touch was gentle, but almost impassive... controlled and planned, but irreverent, as if Kris were merely examining an interesting object in front of them rather than their neighbour of 19 years. Their fingers started at her waistline, fingering the damp edge of her panties. Noelle blushed, but even she had to admit that by this point the situation had gone beyond the point where embarrassment was an emotion that would have made sense to either of them. The fingers traced a path upwards along her waist, lingering over the rounded bladder bulge. Kris smiled. Had they known all along? Had this always been the plan? Noelle couldn't be sure.

Kris' fingers didn't press down hard on her bladder, but the slight pressure was increased to a gentle prodding, as Kris satisfied themself tracing out her internal topology. Even this was too much for Noelle to keep herself silent.

"Aaah!" she gasped, body shaking with straight as she struggled to prevent herself from losing control on the ground between them both. She won the battle - just - and glanced up at Kris, whose face was still wearing the same slight smile as before. In that moment, cold, on the ground, and just moments away from losing it, she had never wanted anything more than she wanted Kris to take hold of her and pleasure her into oblivion. What had happened in the scarce few hours since she had been thinking of Susie? Susie... it seemed like another world. Now her whole world was just her own body, the bulging water she was holding back inside her, and Kris.

Kris traced their hands up the front of her body, and reached the bottom of her bra. Passing their hands around her chest to her back - an action that brought the pair of them closer than ever before - Kris unlatched the clasp with ease, tossing it to one side to reveal the poor girl's naked breasts to the cold, her hard nipples quivering. Kris fondled them with both hands now, fingers probing gently about her soft flesh, along the line where her fur gave way to skin on the border just beyond her aureolas. It felt so good that Noelle almost forgot herself, and another small spurt shot into her panties, smaller this time, but, due to the near silence, making a slight audible sound. Kris glanced down at her crotch, seemingly remembering their purpose in bringing her to this point, on the edge of a truly uncontrolled release.

Sliding slightly backwards, Kris brought their head down to her crotch, resting it just between her legs, her wet panties at their eye level. Their face hovered mere inches from the fabric, seemingly taking it in. Was Kris... sniffing her panties? This seemed so out of place to Noelle that she almost wanted to laugh, but stopped herself, because she felt that Kris wouldn't like that - and also because it would be a near certain end to her control. Before she could consider the matter any more, however, Kris reached their hands down again, and grasped her waistband, sliding the damp panties down over her legs and hooves, and dropping them to one side.

Noelle was now completely naked, only a soft, chill blanket of air between her swollen pussy and bladder and Kris' face, looking up on her.

They made eye contact as they began to eat her out.

Noelle stared at them in shock, their intense red eyes meeting her own wide brown, before she cast her head back and moaned. Kris' tongue probed around her pussy, running around the soft nodule that was her clit, before probing her entrance in an exploratory manner. Warmth flooded her lower body. The sensation of desperate pressure, of urge to relieve herself then and there, combined with her symbiotically heightened arousal and mind-destroying pleasure as Kris' warm tongue touched places within her that even she had barely accessed before. It was too much. How was she going to- how could she... aaah!

She squirmed across the ground, her arcing back pressing her clit even more tightly against Kris' face, whose eyes had faltered in their impassive gaze staring up at the now writhing Noelle as they pleasured her. Her thighs squeezed Kris' head and their tongue was forced even deeper into her body, probing gently but forcefully, tasting the salty texture of her labial juices, and the saltier, pungent taste of the piss that had already leaked out of her clinging to her clit and lips and in a fresh droplet around her peehole, where Kris' tongue was already tracing new circles.

Of course, Noelle knew what was going to happen next. She knew that Kris knew it, that this had been their purpose possibly from the moment that they had run into Noelle on the street as she struggled to escape Queen. Had Kris known even then that she would be under such strain, and that she would be powerless to relieve herself until Kris had her when and where she wanted? Had they been waiting, all this time, for the one perfect moment, when they would plunge their tongue in deeper into her warm dampness, bringing her to- bringing her to-

Noelle moaned as the climax hit, and, of course, the dam broke. Her bladder spasmed through her pleasure as a hot stream shot out of her, blasting Kris in the face and mouth as they eagerly licked around the stream, making a slight effort to contain the flow that was doomed to fail as Noelle began to empty herself more fully than she had ever had cause to in her life. Her now adult bladder had a capacity that dwarfed that of the Noelle of years past, treading with damp footsteps back through the forest as Kris teased her, but her urgency - groomed by her desperate reach for the strength to hold it in - had surpassed even then, and was now being released all at once in a messy stream that soaked Kris' hair and Noelle's thighs as it ran down both of their bodies and collected in a warm puddle beneath the pair.

Through all this, Noelle was still moaning, louder now as the intense orgasmic attention of Kris' tongue - which had not stopped in its motions throughout her loss of control - blended with the blissful feeling of relief that swept through her body and left her lying limp and dizzy on the floor. Noelle rocked and clenched, and a part of her she couldn't quite control stretched her hand down and grasped the back of Kris' head, pressing them even tighter against her pulsing pussy and the source of the stream of pee. Only after she was already pressing down hard did she pause to panic about what she had just done - was this an overstep? Kris had not told her to touch them, would they be mad? But if Kris had any reservations they did not show it, and they continued to thoroughly eat her out, their tongue curling in a frantic licking motion as if they were trying to rescue escaping droplets from a rapidly melting nice-cream cone.

Noelle did not mind at all. She was filled with nothing but bliss, and an Earth-shattering loyalty to do whatever Kris asked of her, and whatever pleased them. If this was what she could expect, she could not ask for any more.

As her desperate flow finally slowed, Kris removed their mouth from her pussy and looked up at her. Their face and hair was now wet, with pale droplets of her piss running down their pale human skin. Their eyes looked into hers. Their face was still impassive. Only that slight smile was there, the gentlest hint of chilly emotion.

Noelle shivered, and not just from cold.

Kris stood up now. Their clothes were not nearly as soaked as hers, which lay on the ground, half soaked and soiled by the wide puddle that surrounded her and clung to her skin. Kris' armoured breastplate had a few drops clinging to its surface still, and there was a damp ring of wetness around their shirt collar where her pee had run down their face and dripped from their hair. Kris didn't seem to mind too much as they looked down at the naked girl, wetness soaking into her fur, breasts and pussy fully exposed.

"Get up."

Noelle did just that. She didn't even glance at her clothes, discarded in their messy pile. If Kris had decided that she didn't need them any more, so be it. It was their decision to make for her now. Noelle felt stronger than she had ever been in her life.

Kris turned away from her, facing further into the city. They took a step forward, then, uncharacteristically, glanced back and spoke. Just one word. All the encouragement Noelle needed.

"Proceed."

Gladly, the naked girl followed them deeper into the Cyber City, the bright neon lights illuminating her glistening, damp fur. Now she knew where she belonged.

###

At the far end of the alleyway, Berdly poked his head out from behind the dumpster where he had been hiding, feathers damp in a cold sweat as he watched them leave.

"WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK?!"

*002*2022-01-17 22:06

I'm glad you liked it! I have written other fanfic stuff, but not too much more relevant to omo. I think there might be another shorter pee story somewhere in my account history here? Anyway, thanks for the feedback, I might right more stuff in the future if the mood takes me.

