Vaine, Goddess of Death, Sexual/Peeing Adventures Throughout the Multiverse (Insanely Long Story) - Page 4

Author: Vaine Steele

&&&&&&&&

*079*2023-10-26 23:51

{{1 hour ago, poofball said:

Do you have visual references for Axel and Vaine? Mainly of Axel. I've seen some of your AI sauce, so I'll use them for Vaine.

}}

Aside from that one picture of Axel back in like chapter 9 no, it’s quite difficult to get character consistency with the AI tools I use but that picture of Axel is the best one I’ve gotten.

He’s a buff and tall tan/brown bear with long red hair, red eyes and tattoos on this shoulder/arm. I’m not quite sure if the logic on tattooed fur actually works but lol. Basically in terms of appearance the idea was a stereotypical biker gang member but obviously his personality and interests are much different from that. He enjoys dancing for example, like fancy ballroom dancing not poledancing xD.

Axel will get more character development in the next chapter but until then I hope this helps.

*080*2023-11-29 06:24

Chapter 15: Valentine's Day... Month... Episode

~~Sunday February 1st, 2009~~

Well... shit. This isn't exactly how I thought the month of love was going to start. For the first time since we got here I barely slept last night. It's not like I give a shit about Jason. I don't. But at the same time I never thought he would do something so astronomically stupid. I don't know what's worse, the fact that he tried it or that he failed.

Like, if you're gonna kill yourself at least go through with it. The fact that he didn't destroy his core makes me think he just intentionally sabotaged his own funeral and is just looking for attention like the depraved asshole he is. On the other hand if he really did do it with the intent to die because he couldn't deal with life, that sucks hard too because I know I could be partly to blame for it. Either way it makes me pissed at him even more because no matter what, it looks like I did something wrong even though I tried to fix things. Granted this was perhaps unavoidable... but it's easy to say that and harder to actually believe it.

So, I hope you can kind of see why sleeping is so difficult right now. I've been flip flopping back and forth mentally all night like a fish out of water. Jason won. You won motherfucker... are you happy?

...

Guess not. Otherwise I wouldn't be mulling this over in my head right now. As I said I really couldn't give any shits but... fuck. I've been laying here on my bed staring at the ceiling for hours and I don't know what the truth is. I suppose we'll all find out soon enough. I need to just shut my fucking mouth... or brain off... and sleep. But it's already nearly five in the morning, so even if I did sleep I'd just be awake in a couple hours anyways.

This is gonna make training tomorrow... or I guess in a few hours hellish isn't it? Granted it's a new set of rules for these next three months I assume, since Father said before that we'd only be training in the arena for a few months but yeah... who knows. Oddly enough despite not sleeping I'm not actually tired at all, although I'm sure this will come to bite me in the ass later.

Yeah I don't even feel like making a joke about butts right now, that's how fucking awful of a mood I'm in. Dammit. Anyway, since I can't really sleep, I slowly crawl out of bed and do my best to not wake Sorcha up. I have to pee a little bit but I decide to hold it for now. I open my bedroom door and head out into the bright hallway, I don't even care that I'm 'naked in public'. Everyone has seen everything by now anyway and they're snoozing regardless.

I enter a nearby pod and ask it to take me someplace where I can get fresh air, authentically, not some kinda room that's mimicking it. When the AI in the pod tells me that's unsafe I basically tell it to fuck off and tell it to take me to a restaurant with an outdoor balcony and to my surprise it actually works.

Within two minutes I'm taken to a fancy parlor of sorts, something that would be too high class for normal anthros... if it were out there in the real world. The bar is made of a shiny darkened wood and the windows are draped in crimson curtains. The faint light in the room is coming from some candles lit on the tables and the neon-blue lanterns that adorn various points on the walls. There are also a few small chandeliers hanging from the ceiling but those are currently dark. There's also a sultry jazz song playing from unseen speakers, Sorcha would likely know who playing the saxophone right now.

A Theta Sentinel who's acting as a bartender asks me if I want some food or a drink, so I order a cup of coffee and a slice of cake. Gonna need lots of caffeine and sugar today if I'm to stay awake after pulling an all-nighter. I go out to the balcony through a rather large and sleek sliding door and the cold air assaults my nude form. Despite how I'm feeling mentally, my pussylips involuntarily dampen as they're caressed by the late-winter wind. Despite my body's momentary arousal though I'm not in the mood to masturbate and I just sit down to enjoy my hot coffee and cake.

No, that's not a sexual euphemism, not this time.

The enjoyable warmth one feels while eating spreads throughout my insides, even though my thoughts are basically hollow right now. Because of that I don't get to enjoy my food for very long as Jason enters my headspace once again. Fuck. I mean, if I think about it logically, this whole situation is probably Eris' fault more than mine... but since I literally don't know what pushed Jason over the proverbial edge I cannot say that for sure.

Once again my one track mind is going in circles and I really fucking hate myself for it. If I want to be a true Reaper, I need to not let these petty feelings control me. Yet, despite knowing this, my emotions are all over the damn place. I can't even really enjoy the quiet of the night or the cold air on my bare fur. The more I think about everything the more I start to hate it all. I thought getting an actual breath of fresh air would be helpful... but it's just reminding me that there's only a thin line between living and dying.

...

Actually I think that may be the issue. When I first became a Reaper, those first few days I felt like I was invincible. But in reality I was only fractions of a percent stronger than your average anthro so I was actually weak as fuck. That became abundantly clear when I nearly died just from consuming around fifteen hundred souls in too short of time. Quite a bit later on I was mauled by and nearly died to a mutated dog fucker and further beyond that I nearly bit the dust after I killed that flawed Reaper bastard who created it.

This past year has been full of close brushes with death and I cannot shake the feeling that will continue for... who knows how long. I guess this entire situation with Jason has simply reminded me of how easy it is for us to die still. We're not gods and goddesses yet and until then, we could die just as quickly as a snap of ones' fingers. The idea that we're immortal isn't really that comforting right now, I can't help but think that we're also cursed.

What happens if we die? Our cores are destroyed and we cease to exist, that much I know. But what exactly happens to the soul? I have no idea and I never want to find out. I know Father said that underworlds or like realms of the dead exist on some planets but I don't know what the fuck that means or how it works.

So I guess, in the end, it's not Jason's fault that I feel this way, at least not really. It's just that he brought my fear of death to the forefront of my mind. I take a few deep breaths and try to calm myself. My mind is less cloudy now that I've identified the problem but it still doesn't change how I'm feeling.

After a few minutes of mental silence I finish eating my cake and drinking my coffee and my bladder reminds me of my primal need to urinate. Without thinking too hard I stand up, lift one of my legs up to the railing of the balcony and just piss as hard as I can. It feels really nice of course but it's just a brief reprieve, however I will take it.

When I'm almost done peeing, I look up at the dark sky and my eyes catch the light of the waxing moon. It's honestly quite pretty... and calms me down a little bit more. As the last few dribbles of urine leak out of my urethra I let out a deep sigh of relief.

Soon... I will leave this planet behind and explore the universe. I guess I have to be a grown ass adult and push away my fears like everyone else. That's all that I can do right now.

I head to my room a couple hours later and Sorcha is awake, I just missed her have her morning piss by a minute or so. Damn. Anyway we have a quick breakfast that's mostly just fruits and a couple muffins and we briefly talk as we fly to the training area. We're both nude today. Sorcha has decided now that our arena training is done that she wants to go back to her nudist self and as for me, I don't care to wear anything at the moment.

I may live to regret that decision soon but we'll see what happens today. We exit the pod about a minute later and notice right away that this is our original training area, it has just been heavily renovated since the last time we were here. The gym is still basically identical but I don't recognize any new room, there are three of them that we can't see inside of.

I'm not Superman you know?

But yeah there's only six of us here. Paisou notices me naked first and blushes but everyone else reacts to me rather normally, even Eris. My body warms up slightly at the perceived attention as Sorcha takes her hand into mine. A few minutes later several Theta Sentinels show up... but Father isn't with them. Instead a broadcast comes through on a huge display screen along one wall of the gym. This will be the first time he's not been here in the flesh for the first day of new training.

&&

He's wearing a black suit and a very slight smile seems to be all he can muster. Damn it looks like he's about to attend a funeral or something. I'll admit though he does look badass. I much prefer this look as opposed to his fancier 'game show host' type of attire.

What? I'm allowed to have my own fashion opinions...

"Good morning." Father's tone is the same as always, casual yet authoritative. "I must apologize for not being there in person. But as you're well aware, the unfortunate circumstances of last night would not allow it."

Geez that's one way to say he tried to kamekameha himself.

"First let me assure you that Jason is fine. He should be able to join you within a few days. I'm just monitoring him personally to be extra safe."

You mean he didn't die? Yeah we kinda knew that already Father.

... Sorry I'm just a bitter bitch today I'll try and tone it back.

"Regardless," Father continues. "Congratulations are in order. You've officially completed half of your training. These next three months should be easier on all of you before the final push at the end of the year."

Easier? Not gonna lie that makes me kind of happy. I'm exhausted as fuck today after all.

"You will have four hours of alchemy training as usual, along with an hour in the gym to ensure you remain in top physical condition. You'll each have a choice of three different things to focus your time on, so by the time this section of training is over you will all have learned the same things."

Hmm... kay I'm following so far.

"You will learn how to be a master pilot, a professional hacker and a starship maintenance engineer. A maximum of three of you can practice these things each month."

Wait. Did he say master? You serious? That's a lot of shit to learn in only a few months.

"Please enter one of the rooms and I'll give you the final instructions for today." Father concludes and the sci-fi TV shuts itself off just like that.

It doesn't take us long to decide what we're going to do. Axel and Eris enter the pilot room, Paisou and Toshia enter the maintenance room and Sorcha and I enter the hacking room. It's a simple square shaped layout, very similar to the ones we originally trained combat in when we first arrived here. The main difference is, there are three large computers, one along each wall aside from the entrance.

In the dead center of the room is something I can only describe as a fairly large red crystal cube, about the size of a basketball. It's resting on a pedestal while also humming faintly... either it or the computers I cannot tell honestly.

"Please touch the device in the middle of the room." Father's voice projects into the room through some kind of intercom. "It'll allow you to download the knowledge of everything you need to start practicing your chosen skill."

Seems a bit weird but ok. Sorcha and I both touch the pale glowing cube and instantly I feel like absolute shit and get a massive headache, like practically the worst one of my life. It takes alot of willpower for me to just not writhe on the ground in pain but I'm taken down to one knee instead. Within only like five seconds, maybe ten, the pain is completely gone though.

But fuck I cannot stress enough how uncomfortably agonizing that was.

"You ok?" I ask Sorcha as she stops shaking her head from discomfort.

"Yeah hun I'm alright. That was not very nice though." She replies with a slight smile.

"Can't argue with you there, that really sucked." I pout.

"Now that you've uploaded all you need to know to your AI Core's memory, all that is left to do is to train your body to do your tasks as efficiently as possible." Father concludes. "Good luck. If you need assistance, don't hesitate to ask a Theta Sentinel."

"I guess I'm going to be one of those computer nerds that you talk so much about..." Sorcha teases with a light laugh.

"Oh please I mentioned that glasses are cute only like once or twice..." I smile lightly. "Too bad we don't need them anymore."

"We could always shop for some..." Sorcha coos. "If we're showing off everything else, fashion accessories on our face are one of the few things we can wear."

I chuckle at that. I admit... imagining Sorcha with a pair of black square glasses on... is enough to melt my stone cold heart right now. Once again I'm reminded of how lucky I am and of how god damn sexy she is. Regardless we both sit down at our respective computers and begin to train our fingers in a non-sexual way to type commands and hacker mumbo jumbo as quickly as possible. I mean it's gibberish to ya'll, but to me it's what I need to you know, hack shit.

I'm not gonna go into specifics ok? I literally just learned practically everything about The Creator's advanced computer systems, which are lightyears ahead of Earth technology, in an instant. Cut me some slack here.

But regardless of my wet pussy and tightly aroused butthole... right now I focus on the task at hand. My fingers don't type nearly as quickly as I want them to. This is going to be frustrating but at least I'm not freezing or boiling my ass off in the arena right now. Honestly this is a lot more boring than I thought it would be but it's not the worst either.

It's putting me into that weird state of mind where ones senses are dulled and yet you don't mind it. It feels like I'm wasting time even though I'm being productive. Am I making any sense? Probably not.

The three hours go by really quickly though and Sorcha and I make out for a minute as we get up and stretch before heading out of the room. Working out in the gym for the first time in months is also really tough. The enhanced gravity probably has something to do with that. I think it's legit like eight or even nine times stronger than normal... fuck. But it's only for an hour and this will be the hardest part of the day so, I just have to push through it.

I admit though, when I use the bench press, my pussy is completely exposed to anyone who wants to look in my general direction and it's making me horny. It's during this time when Toshia walks up to me and smiles lightly.

"Hey V." His slightly goofy gorilla grin is cute. That's a lot of G's. "I was hoping we could talk after training tonight, if you were free."

I huff and puff as I push up hard on the barbell and set it into its stands.

"Yeah, that should be fine." I say as I wipe my sweaty arms and breasts with a towel while sitting on the bench. "I'll let Sorcha know right away but we haven't planned anything this month so far, except for Valentine's Day of course."

"Great, I'll meet up with you later then." Toshia nods and walks away, his strong scent goes with him.

Man... what a day. Honestly I'm fucking exhausted right now. I walk into the nearby bathroom and piss by myself. I think I've had like three or four bottles of water in under forty five minutes so yeah all that jawa juice just went right through me. I'm half tempted to just fall asleep on the potty while I wee but I have to get back out there.

Once alchemy training starts about twenty minutes later, I'm struggling to stay awake. Honestly I probably do nap a bit, I feel like I don't make much progress today at all... I'm just spent. After the four hours are up, I say goodbye to Sorcha and the others for the day and Toshia and I walk through the megastructure for awhile. We don't really talk, he is leading us somewhere while all I can hear is the background droning noises of various pods and sentinels going this way and that.

"You mind going someplace where we can lay down?" I practically yawn at the same time as I ask. "I didn't sleep last night."

"Same." Toshia looks tired as well with his slouched shoulders and slightly unkempt hair. "There's a place up ahead we can go."

After only a couple of minutes, Toshia opens up a door. Inside is... a mattress store. Yup. That's the only way I can describe it. Just a bland warehouse with like thirty or forty furnished beds, arranged in a square-like pattern. It's a fucking mattress store, you know, where mobsters launder money? I don't need to describe it to you plebs. Regardless I pick a bed at random and just lay down on top of the pale pink covers. I'd show Toshia a sexy pose but I'm way too tired.

I'm pretty sure this isn't a booty call anyway, despite my lack of clothing. I say that but, Toshia strips down naked and his buff gorilla body looks really juicy. Maybe he just wants to fuck after all?

He lays down on the bed beside me and sighs, as he does so it lets out a loud creaking noise as it adjusts to his weight.

"Try to not sink the ship now." I smile at him lightly.

"I won't don't worry." He replies without a retort.

We just lay there in silence for a few minutes, both of us just relax with our eyes closed.

"So, I assume you didn't call me out here to just look at me." I say finally. "As much as I appreciate the attention."

"I mean that's just a bonus but no." He manages to laugh a bit. "I wanted to talk to you about Jason."

"Of course you did." I can't hide my disdain, despite trying to. "He's been on everyone's mind today after all."

"I'm not here with everyone though." Toshia speaks seriously. "I wanted some one on one time with you. How are you feeling?"

"That's a... rather loaded question." I sigh. "I honestly don't know really. I feel bad, angry, fearful... I'm just kind of stuck riding this emotional rollercoaster."

"Yeah I get it." Toshia agrees. "I mostly feel guilty, I thought I was getting through to him. Now I'm not so sure."

"His actions are his own..." I raise my voice slightly. "You can't blame yourself for a bad choice he made."

"That may be true." He replies. "But still, I should have noticed something was wrong. This is not a good feeling."

"It's not." I concur. "But we both know you cannot force someone to listen to you, horse to water and all that."

Toshia and I stop talking for a little bit. I take the opportunity to glance at his cock a few times. I'm so sleepy... but also a little horny. Gah.

"V." He speaks up again. "Did Jason ever tell you about his Father?"

"Nope." I have to hold back a snort. "Only thing he told me was that he was a big old piece of shit."

"Yeah that's accurate." Toshia gets a sad look on his face. "I could tell you what I know if you want but honestly I don't know if Jason would be upset with me if I did."

"Up to you. I couldn't care less either way." I dismiss his concerns. "if you wanna tell me, do so. If not, whatever."

Toshia stays quiet for a couple more minutes. I almost think he's not going to spill Jason's secrets but then he opens his mouth again.

"His birth parents died when he was quite young... and uhh he basically grew up in an orphanage that was almost as bad as the streets. When he was around seven or eight years old, he was adopted and got a new dad."

Ok. I don't really get it. That sounds like a good thing... minus the death of parents of course.

"For about six years he lived a happy life, until he was around thirteen. At that time his adoptive father went to jail. Jason was forced to go back to the same orphanage again and from what he's told me his experience was much worse the second time around."

Oh. Damn.

"Nearly a month after he turned sixteen his father got out of jail and he went to live with him again. He then disappeared less than two years later and this time the court decided that Jason could stay at his home. All he had left of his father was an old house with trashy furniture and a rusty pickup truck. I don't know much about what happened in his life after that but it couldn't have been easy."

All I can really do is lay there in silence. It seems like that's what Toshia wants to do too, since his story seems to be over. Damn. I'm barely even horny anymore that story kind of killed my libido. Oh wait nope, it's still there.

"So he was basically abandoned twice?" I say aloud to myself.

"Yeah..." Is all that Toshia responds with.

"I mean... that sucks and everything." I carry on. "And I feel bad that he had to go through that. But that doesn't excuse his toxic behavior. He grew up mad at his daddy so he decided to be an asshole just like he was? Yeah no that doesn't fly with me."

"It's not an excuse." He states firmly. "It's just the path he chose to go down... and the road I tried to get him off of."

"Yeah well, at this point, the only one who can change Jason is Jason himself. Thank you for telling me though." I nod slightly in Toshia's general direction.

"No problem, I'm glad you know." He smiles at me. "Thanks for listening at least."

We cease speaking for a few more minutes. But I have one last thing to say.

"So... you didn't invite me out here for sex hmm?" I tease.

"Oh I'd love to rail you so hard right now but we're both exhausted." Toshia quips back, I swear his dick gets slightly chubbier at that remark. "Sleep now... make love in the morning before training?"

"Sounds like a great idea." I whisper as I snuggle up next to him and cuddle. He orders a Theta Sentinel to turn off the lights in this fake warehouse, leaving us in nearly complete darkness. I rub my foot around his private area a little bit as he generously gropes my butt with his free hand but it's not long before we're both fast asleep after a long and arduous day.

~~Tuesday February 3rd, 2009~~

Ugh... I gotta say, now that I'm looking at myself in the mirror, this is rather embarrassing. I'm holding a rather large bouquet of flowers filled with various colors in front of me, and my tits are poking straight through them.

"They look great hun." Sorcha laughs lightly from behind me, laying down on her bed naked and sexy as usual.

"My boobs or the flowers?" I quip lightly. "Maybe this is a mistake."

"You're the one who wanted to normalize your nudism right? This is one way you can do so. And yes your.. generous bosom looks fantastic as always." She teases me right back as my embarrassed slit continues to moisten.

"Yeah I wanted to be a full time nudist with you this month... but if I go into Jason's rehabilitation room... with nothing on he may get the wrong idea." I explain my thoughts to Sorcha.

"Well if you two do have sex again I won't really mind." She's really enjoying this right now isn't she? I can't blame her. "But of course we both know that is an unlikely outcome, given how you two... react around each other."

"Whatever." I take a deep breath. "I'll just take him the roses as a peace offering and apologize, even though he doesn't deserve it..."

"Everything will be fine if you're just honest and calm." She reassures me while running her fingers along one of my buttcheeks. "No need to be too worried. No matter what happens, you'll know that you did your best. Also if you two get intimate, be sure to not take too long."

"Oh hush you." I sarcastically brush her off as I grab the huge vase of flowers again.

I nod my head, kiss Sorcha goodbye and leave her room. I'll be coming back soon for some intense teen fox girl on badger milf action but for now, time to focus on Jason... again. This is his final evening under Father's watchful eye while in isolation, you know, to make sure he doesn't try to 'do the deed' again. Toshia already visited him yesterday and I told him that I would go today. I'm doing this for Toshia, not for Jason. Tomorrow, Jason will be joining us for training and everything will be back to the way it was before.

... That is the idea at least. But my plans have gone to shit lately so who the fuck knows how this month of love will go. As you may have heard, I made a vow with Sorcha to be a nudist with her for all of February. It's been great so far but... I can't deny that I'm really horny all of the fucking time because of it.

As I enter a transport pod and ask it to take me to Jason's rehabilitation room my mind is continuously flooded by random thoughts. It's uhh, really hard to focus right now. What if this doesn't work? What if Jason hates me for visiting him? What if he gets angry and something even worse happens? What if we fuck? Not that I want his dick inside my butthole again. Nope, not thinking about that at all, not at all.

...

Yeah as I said I'm basically a mess right now. My anxiety is even worse than when I went to see Paisou last month and we finally worked things out. Why is that? Is it my nudity or is it something deeper? I really can't tell. All I know is that when I get out of this transporter I need to just calm the fuck down.

After a few minutes the door to the shuttle opens and I start to head towards my destination. I can do this, just give Jason the damn flowers, apologize even though he doesn't deserve it and boogey on out of there. Easy right?

My heart is racing. The fuck is wrong with me? I take a few deep breaths as Jason's recovery room enters my line of sight. I expect to see the stereotypical hospital room when the large door slides open, just a bit more futuristic, but that's not what greets my eyes. Instead I see what I can only describe as an 'alpha male' cave. Big screen TV along one wall, several video game consoles hooked up to it and the shabbiest yet comfiest looking couch I've seen in a long while with a small table sandwich'd between it and the TV. There's also the scent of nothing but stale snacks and boytoy pheromones.

Father's either a gamer or he just got the data from Earth as usual. Hmm, yeah I wonder which one it is.

That was a joke don't ponder that question seriously, I'm sure Father isn't into video games... he's probably a tabletop RPG dungeon master instead.

Ahem, anyway... on the opposite side of the room, Jason is just beating the hell out of a punching bag. I assume it's just a regular one but no, as he punches it I see chunks of rock flying out of its interior from the superanthro strength of his muscles. He has to press a button approximately every twenty hits, just so that an automated cylinder shaped machine comes up from the ground and repairs it almost instantly with what I assume is just unseen alchemy. All of this is setup so that Jason can smash it with his strong fists over and over again.

Yeah he's thrusting his arms very quickly too. I can barely keep track with my eyes, It's probably around eight full back and forth punches in one second or something crazy like that. Insane for us now maybe but likely laughably low for us in the future.

Regardless, Jason notices me and blushes slightly as he taps the button again. But he doesn't go back to the bag, instead he cleans off his face, head and hands with a towel and takes a long thirsty drink out of a firm plastic bottle that's sitting on a nearby table. Oh god this smell... is stupidly nostalgic and it's making my pussy go crazy.

Calm down girl! Remember the jerk remember the jerk.... off. Fuck. I may dislike those memories now for the most part but I cannot deny how much I enjoyed the sex.

"Hello Vaine." Jason sounds different somehow but I ignore it. "I see uhh... you're going full on naturalist today."

"That-That's just cus it's something Sorcha and I decided to do... just for the month." I blush hard. "Anyway she picked these flowers for you from her garden."

I set the flora down on a mostly empty end-table on one side of the couch. Now there's nothing blocking Jason's view of my naked body. God this is embarrassing, just as I knew it would be. If I get any hornier my breathing will get erratic, I need to just chill already.

"Thanks..." He scratches his ear as he glances at me. "That was nice of you two."

...

That's it? I mean alright sure. Pretty anti-climatic, no sexual pun intended there.

You think I'm upset? Nah, I'm relieved that it was so damn easy. My head is such a dick for making me panic over something so simple.

"How're you doing?" I blurt out.

... fucking hell girl! What is wrong with you?! Once again you've made a mountain out of a molehill why the fuck would you ask the one singular question that will lead to a deeper conversation? Dammit all.

"I'm uhh, I'm alright." Jason sits down, probably to get a better view of my wet snatch. Maybe. "What I did after Eris and I had a bad break up... it wasn't right and I wasn't thinking clearly."

"Well, Toshia and I are glad that you're still here." I say kind of awkwardly as I clean off some of the table with my bare hands and sit my ass down. My buttcheek fur is probably gonna smell like old cheetos now, for the rest of the night at least.

"Yeah. Toshia is for sure. Not to be rude but uhh, I'm not so sure about you." He frowns slightly and looks away again.

And there it is. The whole 'I'm a bitch' persona that Jason still sees me as.

"Jason... we may be ex's but despite what you fucking think, I don't hate you. I've tried to reconcile... you seemingly have not." I stare at him coldly, unintentionally so. "Father needs all the Reapers he can get. That includes us, as strained as our relationship is."

"I know. Sorry." Jason manages to stare at me again but I'm pretty sure he just wanted to see my nipples. Which I guess he'll be able to do all month to be fair.

"I'm sorry too. I didn't mean it like that..." I try to speak more softly, cursing at him won't do either of us any good right now.

"Toshia told you about my dad right?" His facial expression looks sad somehow. I legit haven't seen him like this, ever. "It's funny how the information that I was so afraid of getting out there turned out to be meaningless."

"We all have things from the past that torment us inside." I can't help but be honest. "That's something that we all have in common. It may have been why we were chosen as Reapers... we were all outcasts in our old world."

Jason simply nods. "Maybe. Yeah I was so god damn angry for a long time... and I ended up taking it out on my last three girlfriends. It may not matter now and I know it's too late... but I am sorry for what I said to you that day, truly. I'm glad that you are happy now. I just need to find my own path there as well."

I cannot seriously believe what I am hearing. Did- did he legitimately just admit that he was wrong and a jerk to me and Eris... but especially me? Did coming so close to self-deletion really shake him up that much?

... That was a mean thought. Stop it brain.

I have to hold back tears. For nearly five months we've both held onto this bitterness in regards to how we each perceive the other. Why didn't I realize that I was hurting myself? I thought that I was recovering but I was still wallowing in self-doubt. I don't know why but as Jason just said it feels like all those bad feelings from our past relationship are meaningless now. I mean, Sorcha and I got together because of it but aside from that, nothing good came from those negative emotions.

"It's not too late Jason..." I'm struggling not to cry right now. "For months... this is all that I have wanted from you. A heartfelt apology is all I needed. I'm so glad to finally have it- it's like a weight has been lifted off of my chest. Not my breasts but another weight."

"Honestly since Father gave me therapy I've felt the same way. I feel so much lighter emotionally like I can finally breathe again." Jason smiles... legit smiles for the first time in a long while. Was my joke really that amusing? "I'm glad you don't resent me."

"I mean, Sorcha and I are only together now because of that day. And I said some nasty stuff too and did something horrible to you. I'm sorry that I, you know, sliced your member off." I feel a tear or two escape my eyes and I blink hard to get it out of there quicker.

I barely notice that the tiny Gamma Sentinels that have guarded Jason and I for months seem to be gone now.

"I apologize if I made you cry..." He laments slightly. "I didn't mean to-"

"No no no, this is a good thing, these are joyful tears." I laugh, me... laughing with Jason again. So surreal.

"It was uhh, nice to see you like this again. As much as I regret what I did during most of our time together... that day you spent nude out in Dallas is uhh, a great memory for me." Jason is blushing harder than before and my horniness hasn't gone away.

"Even though I peed so fucking hard in your dad's special truck?" I tease, god that memory is making my legs squirm right now.

"Fuck my dad and fuck that truck." Jason laughs. "But yeah... I don't know how long you're planning to stay but-"

"We can stay all night hun if you two want to." Sorcha nearly surprises the piss outta me as the door slides shut behind her.

"How long you been standing there?!" I'm really embarrassed but super turned on right now, she looks as delicious as ever.

"I've not been here long. Just heard your story about being naked out in Dallas. You'll have to tell me more about that in explicit detail dear. Also you urinated in his dad's truck? That sounds like something you'd do." Sorcha smiles, the arousal radiating off of her body is obvious. "Sounds to me like you really enjoy wearing nothing, just like I do."

"Thanks- thank you for the flowers." He stammers as he gets up off of the couch, his tenting shorts in front of his crotch is visible for both of us to see.

"Jason... do you want to make love to me again?" I stand up briefly before laying down on my back on the couch. "I... I wouldn't mind having you inside of me... or letting you be a sexfriend." I open up my vaginal lips with my hand to show even more of my wet slit off.

"Is that really alright with you two though?" Jason's lips are seemingly dry as he's struggling to find a way out of this erotic situation.

Sorcha chuckles as she grabs a white and red rose out of the vase, before her butt is smackdab around my head as she sits on her knees on the futon, her scent is so overpowering that I can't help but moan lightly. She always smells great but right now the aura of her sex is very intense.

"These flowers have been imbued with... erotic energy. Ahh..." She hands the red rose to him as I start to eat her out. "They give off very pleasurable pheromones and trust me when I say that Vaine would really enjoy its touch..."

Wait seriously? You planned this?! Damn you Sorcha! Damn you to sexual hell!

Murp... ok, must keep chowing down on her pussy, which is seemingly melting around my tongue. I fucking love this, I'm so wet that it must almost look like I'm pissing out clear liquid ever so slowly. Every nerve in my body is on edge but in the best way. I want to masturbate so damn badly but my face is full of yellow ass right now so all I can do is lick.

I cannot see Jason right now but I can hear him taking his clothes off. I can see and smell just abit of the white rose in Sorcha's hand, since she's now rubbing its folded petals against her clit and breathing in and out deeply. She is clearly enjoying it as I run my hands along the outskirts of her soft and warm thighs. The subtle shakes her buttcheeks and cunt make are so damn hot as she continues to stroke herself lightly while I pick up the pace of my oral skills.

God I want Jason's dick inside me already! As if to confirm that god is indeed a douchebag I feel a very soft and extremely pleasant sensation of touch along the outer rim of my clitoris. I let out a muffled moan into Sorcha's honeypot as I continue to eat her out. Jason is teasing me... taunting me with his red rose, he must be. Why does this feel so amazing? It's like a thousand tiny tongues are probing the tip of my most sensitive bud in a circular motion.

"Ahhh... ohhh, I love the way you lick my pussy you naughty girl." Sorcha moans and laughs as she continues to grind her pelvis into my mouth. "But you can do better... I know you can, you've never failed to satisfy me yet..."

You're so right my insatiable badger sugar mommy, just give me a few more seconds. Within that short timeframe I start to probe Sorcha's agape anus with my fingers and her extra shudders of delight are immediate. Jason has also stopped teasing my cunt and I can feel the tip of his cock about to enter me again.

"Here I go Vaine... fuck you two are so hot..." Jason grunts lightly as he begins to thrust into me missionary style. Ahh finally~~

Jason's entire member enters me easily and the fond memories of his dick return to the forefront of my mind as I begin to lick Sorcha's asshole as fast as I can. She tastes so good as my arousal skyrockets and my entire body feels alit with flames. I've been holding back an orgasm all day thanks to those damn... awesome flowers so it's not long before I cum as I practically howl lustfully against Sorcha's asscheeks. My entire body convulses with delight as the ultimate pleasure rips through me. My vaginal walls squeeze on Jason's cock as I squirt out loads of girlcum.

Fuck... it feels so good. But we're just getting started.

I continue to eat out Sorcha's butthole using as much sexually driven madness that I can muster. She's riding my tongue so hard right now it's like I'm a fucking bull. She's bouncing her ass up and down like her life depends on it and Jason is grunting like a madman in front of her.

"Cum inside of her Jason!" Sorcha shouts as she grips the couch tightly, her voice is a little bit lower than normal. "Fuuuckk..."

Man Sorcha is really taking sexual charge hmm. It's not long before my enflamed pussy feels the throbbing pulses of Jason's wang as it unleashes its seed into my womb. Jason is shooting my womb up with baby batter, again... and I couldn't be happier. What a fucking day.

"Damn! C-C-Cumming! Nnfh..." Sorcha yells as a wave of her girlcum drenches my lower jaw and neck in her sticky juices.

I continue to lick and taste her ass, while she ruthlessly grinds her butt into my face. Jason seems to have finished cumming now so he pulls his slick cock out of me and sits down on a nearby chair. It's so hard to concentrate on eating Sorcha's anus with my cum-filled pussy so aroused right now but I continue to suck on her rimmed donut as much as I can. When her wave of orgasmic bliss ends, she turns herself around and positions herself to the point where she is basically sitting on my belly. My boobs would be bongo drums... if she were a drummer.

"Jason dear?" Sorcha coos as she looks over to him. "You mind if I use the toilet?"

"I- I mean sure but there's no bathroom in here..." Jason's dick is still an upright flagpole, even though it's average in length it's his experience that counts.

"What do you mean hun?" Sorcha teases. "I'm sitting on a perfectly good one right now..."

Sorcha moans lightly and begins to piss all over my underboobs. The urine gets everywhere, slides up my neck and down my torso, a few small rivers of it tease my pussylips ever so slightly. Sorcha has peed on me many times before... it never gets old. She lifts herself up a bit so that I can breathe a little easier and I can see her pussy, it's glistening wetness and her leaking urethra is clearly visible to me. Sorcha's biting her lower lip, clearly enjoying her wee right now. I can't blame her, I'd love it too.

But I'm holding it in ok? Holding it... I'm a very well behaved omorashi slut.

"Do you like it when I piss on you?" She whispers in a tone that makes my leaking creampied twat twitch wildly.

"Yes mommy." I reply obediently. "It's sooo warm~~"

"Good girl." She smiles as she teases my nipples with her fingers, enjoying her relieving bladder to the fullest.

After a couple of minutes she finally finishes, she must have been holding it in all day. God I love our Iron Bladder skills. She instructs me to stand up off of the couch after she climbs off of me, so I do. I smell like a filthy toilet and my entire body feels so buzzed right now. What she does next surprises me although in hindsight it really shouldn't.

She slowly walks over to Jason and turns around, showing off to him every detail of her ass. I suppose I should be jealous but I just spent awhile munching on her butthole so I guess I can let it slide. Speaking of sliding, she slides her deliciously wet asshole around Jason's erect penis, teasing it for just a few seconds before she plops her derriere right into Jason's lap, allowing his full length to penetrate her anus.

Their sexual grunts are so intoxicating as Jason begins to grope Sorcha's generous breasts while she gyrates ontop of him.

Hey! Don't leave me outta this! About a minute or two later, once my seemingly hypnotic daze ends, a slightly frustrated yet even more horny state controls me. I get on my knees so that Sorcha's bouncing twat is in front of my face and once again take in the strong scent of her golden juices. She slows her humping down abit as my tongue makes contact with her cunt again, only this time it's acting more like organic fleshy toilet paper and less like cunnilingus. I don't care about the taste of her piss though, I'm way too high on arousal right now.

Also, I'm unable to control my urges any longer and I begin to masturbate with my left hand while I do my best to play with Jason's balls with my right, all the while licking up every inch of Sorcha's glorious muff. The effect is immediate as we all begin to moan louder and I struggle to hold my bladder. Fuck... I wanna pee... but I don't. The slightly painful sensation of my urethra feels so fucking good right now and it's making my brain go wild with excitement.

This continues on for a few more minutes, almost until the pain in my pussy feels unbearable and my willpower to not piss is almost gone.

Sorcha and Jason are getting close, I can feel it in their spasms and the way their bodies are trembling. Without thinking too hard about it, I stand up, start to make out with Sorcha... and begin to pee as hard as I can against Sorcha's pussy that I tried so hard to clean. The lewd sounds of my urination, of Sorcha beginning to squirt out girlcum all over my privates and of Jason's cock filling up Sorcha's backdoor with his seed are too much.

I feel my entire body shudder once again as I begin to climax shortly after the immense pleasure of pissing during sex sends me over the edge. Sorcha follows shortly after me, screaming incoherently as we all ride out the waves of our sexual bliss. We remain in that position, the three of us, panting and out of breath as I continue to use my girlfriend's lady bits as an urinal.

We all laugh as we just sit on the piss drenched couch and relax a little. We get permission from Father for Jason to leave his isolation room a little bit early, so we all go and shower the scent of our nasty sex off of us... right before we continue our threesome and Jason pees inside each of our butts for a tinch. We have to shower a second time but I don't think any of us care.

After our brief piss enemas, we head to a fancy bedroom that wouldn't be out of place for a middle-ages king to sleep in and we fall asleep together, as two beautiful women making an anthro sandwich with Jason inbetween us.

Goodness. What a fucking day. Happiness... a feeling that I thought was lost to me, has now entirely returned. I don't have a single thing to complain about. I can only hope it stays this way forever... but I know it won't. Until then I'll just enjoy it.

~~Friday February 13th, 2009~~

Well... Valentine's day is here. Well I know it's a day off but who cares? This is our weekly break so... may as well use it for the romantic shit.

I've had a great couple of weeks I'm not going to lie. Admittedly, balancing my personal time with five other lovers is difficult but I'll tell you the love life schedule I'm trying to loosely follow. Three nights a week I spend with Sorcha, two nights with Paisou and the last two evenings... well the remaining three males have to fight each other for. Not literally but you know. Also one full Friday I'll spend with Sorcha and the next with Paisou, they'll sort of alternate week to week. This doesn't mean I have sex every day... sometimes a date ends with a snuggle and a movie or something but honestly if I got buttfucked every night I'd be cool with that too.

Did you need to know all that? Not really. Did you want to know? Who knows.

Regardless you know now so... you're welcome.

Anyway, you all are probably wondering what will be so special about today. I guess we'll find out, since I'll be spending the day nude with Sorcha... and Eris. Yup. You heard me correctly. Eris has kind of been depressed since her breakup with Jason, so Sorcha wanted us to have a girl's day out to like... I dunno, get her mind off of it?

As for why she's chosen to be naked along with us... I don't know really. Maybe it'd just be awkward if she was the only one of us to wear clothes? Either way, Eris is leaving nothing to the imagination today. I've seen her nude twice already, three times if you count the time in the bathroom when she only wore a bra as she was pissing hard into a urinal. But whatever.

I should also mention that Eris was kind of annoyed that Sorcha and I both got impaled by Jason a few days after they broke up, but she seems to be chill about it now. Eris seems to be alot more comfortable around me these days. She almost seems like a different person. It was probably the same with me after Jason and I fought.

Ok look I really am cool with Jason now kay? I'm allowed to still diss him from time to time, at least when it comes to talking about the mistakes we both made in the past. I'm alright though. Promise.

But yeah... somehow I get the feeling that Sorcha wants to finally taste Eris' pussy. Either that or it's just me. But I guess we'll have to see what happens today. As I've said before, pretty sure Eris' front door doesn't swing that way but I don't honestly know. But I'll get to grab glances at her boobs and butt all day! Yay!

Is now a good time to mention that her breasts are slightly smaller than mine? No? Kay. They're still a good size don't get me wrong but when compared to me and Sorcha, they're just modest.

Ahem, moving on...

Regardless, now we're all here, eating breakfast in a diner that Eris picked out, which is supposed to mimic the New York City style of food that she grew up with. We're mostly just eating in silence but Sorcha makes an effort to talk to Eris, mostly about random shit. Sorcha still doesn't know what I do about her, maybe Eris will open up about it today and maybe not, who knows.

I know I sound like a really wishy-washy broken record right now but trust me I legit don't know what's going to happen.

After a rather tasty but uneventful morning meal, we make our way to our next destination... which is a beauty salon. Yup, we're doing that today. As we enter it, the smell of floral chemicals assaults my senses and I can't help but cough lightly. Normally this scent bothers the shit out of me but today... being here with two beautiful women, one whom I love, I can't deny it's a bit of a turn on.

Also the Sentinels in here look vaguely humanoid, well, like a metallic torso arms and a head held up by... something. Anyway my point is they look fairly different from most Thetas. I know you can't tell because I haven't really bothered to describe them before, that's an oopsie from me. You already know that basic Omegas are battle Sentinels, as I've said they look like velociraptors with scorpion-like tails. What they lack in agility they make up for with ludicrous speed. They run fast as fuck, much faster than you'd think given they're made of solid metal.

Of course all the robots we trained on in the arena were all kinds of shapes and sizes but I don't even know if it's proper to call those Sentinels. They were much simpler and cruder in design than Omegas and Thetas. Thetas, well if I could describe what most of them look like... it'd be almost spider or squid-like. They have six highly flexible limbs with a single eye or camera I guess in the middle of their usually spherical bodies. And they float, but you knew that already. But as I said, these Theta Sentinels are... yeah they're different.

Geez louise I ranted longer there than I should have. Oh well.

Regardless we sit our butts down on the salon chairs and just get doted on like the queens we are. I get my hair trimmed abit, both on my head and down south. Now when someone sees my ladybits they'll spot a small white heart shape above my clit, at least until my pubes grow back in. As for my head well, it's only being shortened by like two inches so it's almost the same as before.

Afterwards all get a full on pedicure and manicure and I'm not gonna lie this is soothing as fuck, I love it. My pampered feet feel so good... and my pussy feels even better. Not going to lie I'd love to piss all over the seat right now like a bitch in heat but now's not really the time for sexy stuff. Can you tell I'm horny today? Can you blame me?

What do you mean I'm horny everyday? That's just rude.

Moving on...

Once our fingerclaws and toenails are nice and perfectly trimmed, we're led to yet another room almost entirely made of a darker oak of some sort that contains three small tubs, just big enough for us to sit and lay back in. It's honestly been a while since I've walked on wood, a bit of an odd sensation after being used to metal for so long but whatever. Ahh the water is so warm. Once we're in our individual hot tubs, our Theta Sentinel hosts slather our faces in a green goop that I used to assume was only used in hollywood movies to add charisma to spa scenes. No? They exist in real life? If you say so.

Sorcha tells me that it's just to keep the skin and fur on our faces nice and moisturized. Kay, I guess I can buy that. You win this round spa... but I'm keeping an eye on you. Or I would but my irises are covered by thinly sliced cucumbers right now, gah. Whatever, all the muscles in my body feel like they are melting right now, so I just imagine myself as a floating black puddle with googly eyes like some kinda flattened Loony Toon.

I don't know where I was going with that analogy either.

Either way we just bathe in the mini-pools and do nothing for probably thirty minutes, before our delicate faces are cleaned off and we're led into a sort of hybrid room that is like what you would see if a sauna and a massage area had a baby, again made entirely out of wood. The only thing that isn't made out of trees is a thin wooly mat on top of the tables. Eris and Sorcha both lie down... I can see Eris' pink asshole so clearly... Also the warm and slightly humid air isn't helping calm down my libido.

"It's just a butt dear." Sorcha teases. "Come and lay down hun."

I lay down on the left mat, while Sorcha is almost napping on the middle one and Eris is relaxing on the right. There's barely a foot between the tables, we could easily touch each other if we wanted to. Why do I feel like I'm about to shoot a porno video? Regardless, once I'm positioned correctly the Theta Sentinel attending to me begins to work its magic... god damn this feels too good. The feeling of their fake silica fingers rubbing deep into the muscles throughout my back is just intoxicating that I can't help but moan lightly as the built up tension inside my body reaches an all-time low.

It's around this time when we start talking about something that may actually matter, instead of just having mundane conversations.

"I uhh..." I hear Eris' voice and don't cringe at it. odd. "Wanted to thank you two for inviting me out here today. You didn't need to."

"We wanted to dear." Sorcha replies. "Today provided the perfect opportunity for a ladies day out."

"Plus... we figured you could use the stress relief." I add, oh god yeah my shoulders feel amazing. "You know... after what happened."

"I am over Jason..." Eris sounds abit whiny.

"I know." I reply. "Me too. You deserve better... even if we haven't exactly been friends. I'm just glad we can all move forward."

The Theta Sentinel squirts some coconut oil on my back before rubbing it into my fur and I feel a jolt of pleasure run through me. Pretty sure you could quench your thirst with the amount of liquid coming out of my pussy fountain right now.

"How're things with you and Axel?" Sorcha questions.

Huh? That's a thing? ffff... don't care, keep rubbing.

"They're fine." Eris dismisses the comment quickly. "He's a good guy I'm just... not ready for another relationship right now."

Oh right, I guess they're both training their piloting skills together... almost every day for hours... alone. Jason is training in starship maintenance this month by the way, not that that is important right now. Yes two thats.

"Not every male is like Jason, Eris. Or your d-" I stop myself mid sentence. Shit. I got too relaxed... as did my tongue. I can practically feel the needles of Eris' glares at me right now.

"Vaine..." Eris' tone is annoyed again, understandable. "God dammit."

"Sorry." I reply quickly.

We kinda just sit there in awkward silence for about a minute, until the most beautiful woman in the world speaks up.

"Are either of you going to tell me what you're hiding?" Sorcha ponders and I feel bad, oof.

"Eris?" I peep my voice out again as the Theta Sentinel starts to massage my lower back... ahh yes right there. "You wanna give Sorcha the cliff notes version or-"

"Fine fine whatever," Eris gives up. "My past isn't your fault anyway..."

Eris begins to tell Sorcha basically what she told me, about her abuse. Only she's describing it in a bit more detail and less pissed off this time. I'm not going to reiterate it here since you already know but yeah, it's bad and shitty. Honestly I feel awful all over again, despite her assurances that she's ok now.

To be real with you all, even though I don't really like Eris... even someone like me wants to flay that bastard alive. Who could do such a thing to a child? It's unforgivable.

Dominate.

Power.

Control.

Just kill the kid and be done with it. Save the nasty violent shit for adults who are our enemies. Man this took a dark turn really quickly.

"I'm so sorry that happened to you Eris..." Sorcha seems like she's genuinely about to cry but she holds back. "That explains so much. That fucker distorted your view of sex from something that should be loving and enjoyable to one of sadistic pain and horror."

"I know." Eris sighs. "I'm trying to get better I just... keep putting this wall around myself. My last few relationships have shown me that major flaw within myself and I hate that I can't seem to get past it."

Again, silence permeates the room for a bit although not too long really.

"We could... try to cure it, if you wanted to give it a shot." Sorcha's voice sounds warmer. "You'd be the one to take control of yourself and your sexual drive, no one should be able to take that from you."

"Yeah, how?" Eris perks up a bit. "What do you suggest?"

"No one knows the female body more so than women themselves." Sorcha gets a glint in her eye. "Vaine and I could teach you... give you pleasure you've not experienced before, show you how you can empower yourself and enjoy intimacy again."

Eris blushes hard. I've never seen her look so flustered. Wait why is my slit getting even wetter?

"I've not- I don't- I've never even been interested in women..." Eris barely speaks above a whisper. "I don't know how that'd even- even work. I don't know how anyone could possibly find me attractive."

"You could learn." I blurt out as I feel my anus tighten. "I mean... you're really beautiful Eris, don't sell yourself short. Yeah we don't get along that well but you deserve to be happy with someone eventually. It may be selfish of me but... if you want us to show you the path to loving yourself and your body... I'm more than willing to try."

"Vaine..." Eris looks at me like she's about to cry. Was what I said really that profound? "Thank you that's... very kind of you. I don't know what it is... but there's something uniquely different about you."

Oh gee thanks. Was that supposed to be a compliment? I'll take it I guess.

"So do you want us to try?" Sorcha coos, she got really horny very quickly.

Eris simply nods as the Theta Sentinels leave the room, leaving only three aroused naked women in this makeshift circular sauna of sorts. We get up off of the massage tables and push the three of them together so they make a larger rectangle. Sorcha fuses the inner edges together fairly quickly with her alchemy, using some kind of fluffy yet sturdy material. Damn she's getting even better, I need to step up my training.

Anyway, after about a minute, Sorcha sits down on the new "bed" and asks Eris to place her tushy in her lap, which she reluctantly does. Sorcha wraps her one leg around Eris' limb, while the other just stays straight beside her other one. From this position, Eris' agape pink pussy is clearly visible and wet. It's honestly rather hot, I can't help but stare at it as my horniness starts to become too much to deal with. Sorcha uses one hand to support herself, and the other one starts to tease Eris' clit.

She moans rather loudly, much more so than I'd expect as I climb up onto the table, I'm unable to resist touching myself once I get there.

"You're so sensitive." Sorcha giggles. "Don't you masturbate?"

"I-I do sometimes, not very often though. It's been almost three weeks... ahh-" Eris stammers as she struggles to speak through her elevated pleasure.

"You need to take better care of your body." I tease her as I begin to make out with Eris, tasting her lips for the first time, as I start to grope her breast and continue to masturbate. Ahh my ladybits are getting hotter by the second.

Her tongue is so soft and her breath is warm, probably because we're in a sauna. As we continue our oral probing, Eris' breathing starts to quicken, her nipple is getting harder as I play with it and her clit is becoming even more engorged. It's like the more she's touched, the more she needs.

"Why does this- why- ahh feel so good~~" It seems that any negative preconceptions that Eris had about lesbian sex are gone now, and we've barely even started.

Our jaws break contact for a few seconds while I speak. "You can touch me... if you want to. It'd free up my other hand."

Eris nods rather cutely as she touches my sopping wet cunt for the first time. Ahh... her technique is amateur at best but there's something very erotic about it anyway, her inexperience is arousing in and of itself. The fact that Sorcha and I are taking Eris' lesbian virginity is enough to make me go crazy. Since Sorcha is still softly teasing Eris' clitoris, I slide two of my fingers in and around her gaping slit, teasing its inner folds.

Eris' hips begin to move of their own accord as she moans into my mouth, clearly she's unable to concentrate on our kissing right now but that's ok.

"Did you want me to stop?" I ask in a half-sexy and half-serious tone.

"N-No it's just so strange- ahh... I've had sex before but this feeling... this feeling is so new to me." Eris replies shyly. Nani? She has some traits in common with Paisou, I didn't expect her submissiveness to be so alluring.

We continue our simple mutual masturbation session for a few more minutes, Eris and I are getting closer to our first orgasm tonight but we're not quite there yet. Of course her vagina feels similar to Sorcha's but it's also different in a way that's sort of hard to describe. Basically, she has a slightly thicker outer labia, which is not an issue since they're soft and warm, and a very slight bit of a curve towards the front of her pelvis, while Sorcha's private anatomy is mostly internal with just little folds peeking their way out of her vulva, similar to mine.

Regardless I continue to finger fuck Eris and I pick up the pace. Sorcha quickly gets the memo as we make Eris moan even louder. Her breathing gets even more wild and she starts to squirt small spurts of girlcum around my fingers. She won't be able to hold out for long. At the same time, I try to hump Eris' hand but it doesn't go very well.

"Oh shit.. I- I'm cumming!" Eris cries out with sexual ecstasy as her entire body shudders.

She shoots out a massive load of girlcum all over my digits and a little bit of it even splatters around my crotch as well. I hold my fingers in place, enjoying the feeling of my hand getting even stickier from her juices. I let her ride her climax for a few seconds more before I pull my digits out. I can feel her twitching pussy contracting around my fingers.

After we relax for only about a minute, we switch positions. Sorcha gets into a doggystyle pose, leaving absolutely nothing to the imagination. I don't ask for permission as I grab her ass tightly and plant my face deep into her yellow muff while I lay down on my stomach.

"Ahh... so eager... haha." Eris laughs as she moans lightly. "You have a choice now Eris dear. You can eat Vaine out... or let me taste that pretty pink slit of yours."

It doesn't take long for Eris to position herself under Sorcha, so that they can sixty-nine each other. I don't blame her, I want Sorcha's tongue too~~

They both laugh as they begin to lick each other passionately. I turn my full attention to Sorcha's tight asshole, to give Eris the most room possible.

"Fuck... you girls are great... oh... my butt..." Sorcha's anal rim starts twitching on my tongue almost immediately. "How do I taste?"

"Amazing~~"

"Great..."

Eris and I answer at almost the same time and I can't help but chuckle. This is really happening, Sorcha is getting double teamed right now.

"I thought this would taste awful but... it's so pleasant... ffff..." Eris manages to comment on her sexual meal and I couldn't agree more with her. About Sorcha tasting good I mean. Yeah you know what I meant.

I continue to eat Sorcha's ass greedily. The shape of her butt, the way each cheek stretches to the side, her winking asshole, it's all so perfect. I may in fact be a buttslut. Such a shock I know.

The way her anal walls are contracting against my tongue feels blissfully numbing. Her body is so sexy, I could lick her ass for days. As the two women in my life continue to please each other's pussies, my own is starting to ache slightly from neglect. I do my best to ignore it though. I know I will soon experience two horny anthros going to town on me at the same time, the very thought alone is enough to drive me insane. Regardless, my quest to conquer Sorcha's asshole carries on.

"Oh my fuck..." Sorcha laughs as her furred buttcheeks squirm in my grip. "Eris, you're doing great but be sure to dig in deeper. Yes... ahh.. just like that."

Eris' muffled reply is unintelligible but it's obvious that she's enjoying herself.

A few minutes of our lesbian threesome go by and Sorcha stops eating out Eris for a second.

"Vaine?" Sorcha questions as I continue to tongue her sphincter.

"Sorry. Here you go momma." I respond with a sultry voice as I jam two of my fingers deep into her wet butthole and stretch it as wide as I can. If only I had a dildo to probe her with right now.

Sorcha practically screams into Eris' cunt as her legs begin to twitch harder and her tail gets stiff as a board. Her orgasm isn't too far off now as I dive my tongue into her anus as deep as it'll go while I continue to tease her anal cavity's inner flesh as much as possible with my fingers. I can tell that Eris is picking up the pace as well.

"F- Fuck I'm cumming again!" Eris moans loudly as she raises her belly button as best as she can. I assume Sorcha is dealing with a faceload of her girlcum right about now.

"Ggh.... ahh... fuck Vaine you're too good at this... oh fuck~~" Sorcha yells about five seconds later as her cunt unleashes a shower of vaginal fluid all over Eris' ahegao face.

I lick up some of the cum squirting out of Sorcha's pussy even though most of it reaches Eris. Mmm.... damn every part of my body is so tingly right now. Once their orgasms end we have a quick drink of water before moving onto our current threesome finale. I lay down on my back and Sorcha tells Eris to basically sit on my face. If I couldn't see every bit of her asshole in pussy in extreme detail before I sure as hell can now.

She's still dripping wet, although I'm not sure if that's from her girlcum or from Sorcha's leftover spit. Regardless it looks so appetizing.

"I can't believe I'm saying this but..." Eris begins. "make me feel good... Vaine. Please."

You don't have to tell me twice. I briefly tease Eris' pretty pink asshole by rubbing it with my nose before I begin to lick her pussy. Speaking of teasing assholes though, it doesn't take long before I feel Sorcha pushing small anal beads up into my rectum. As they pop into me with the lewdest sound ever I wonder where the hell she got them from. I moan lightly into Eris' cunt as my own slit continues to cry from neglect.

However, my butthole is far from neglected as I feel a sixth... no seventh ahh fuck, small bead enter it. It doesn't take long before a dozen are in me and I feel the tip of the thin plastic ring against the edges of my anal rim as my butt tries to suck on it like a pacifier. My ass feels so hot and full right now, despite the individual beads not being all that impressive in size.

"Now..." Sorcha coos as I feel her climb ontop of me. "Now that your ass is full, time to reward your slutty pussy..."

Within seconds, Sorcha's divine yellow twat presses against my demonic black cunt and she begins to ruthlessly hump me. It feels so fucking good... like god damn. She's had so much practice by now... like holy shit she doesn't even have a dick and yet it somehow almost feels like it with how my body is reacting.

This carries on for a couple minutes, before I hear Eris' voice again.

"Vaine..." She sounds nervous, or maybe it's just hard for her to speak with me sending so much pleasure to her privates right now. "Please... T-Tease my butt. I- I wanna know what the big d-deal is..."

Honestly at this point my tongue is starting to get tired... but I've wanted to eat Eris' ass for months now so, what the hell. I reach out and start to massage her anus with my fingers. At first she tenses up but after a few seconds she gets into the rhythm of things. She begins to moan louder and louder, a bit higher pitched too. The way her anus contracts around my digits is very enticing but it's nothing compared to the pleasure I'm getting from Sorcha's pussy.

Fuuckk that feels too good~~

I'm not sure how much longer I can last but nevertheless I start to taste Eris' asshole for the first time and it is... rather normal. But regardless I can still enjoy it. I'm biased and love Sorcha's butt of course but I'm not going to deny myself the chance to eat another one. I leave no metaphorical stone unturned as I relentlessly lick and suck on Eris' anus and she clearly loves it as she's masturbating with her free hand.

"Ahh... Vaine." Eris sighs deeply. "Fuck this feels too good. Aghh..."

After another few minutes of ass to mouth, the sounds of our heavy breathing fills the air and my pussy finally gives out. I let out a sexual howl as my cunt sprays its contents all over Sorcha's lower half and my entire body is engulfed in a hurricane of ecstasy. Sorcha isn't far behind me as she's squirting a thick stream of her cum all over my crotch and stomach. Eris is the last one to climax a few seconds later, she squirts all over my chest and face, covering most of my lower jaw and tits in a clear warm liquid.

As the three of us enjoy our orgasms, everything kind of becomes a blur as I lose all control of my anal muscles as they spasm repeatedly. I'm not sure how long it goes on for, but I feel the beads pop out of my butt one by one as my asshole closes up tight... it feels incredible. When my eyes start to focus, Sorcha is licking up the remnants of the girlcum from my fur and the mess Eris made on me, while Eris herself is laying down on her side, still breathing heavily.

Once we've all recovered, we all smile at each other. That was fucking great... and our Valentine's day is just getting started. We take a dip in the spa's public pool for like an hour, before we go back to the massage room and have our rubbing therapy finished about forty five minutes later. It's around lunchtime by this point, so we head to the restaurant that I went to at the start of the month and we eat a meal. Our conversations are quite meaningless but fun. We talk about Axel's thick bear cock, Sorcha tells us an embarrassing birthday story from her teenage years and I speak briefly about the last metalcore concert I went to... which neither of them really care about but whatever.

Around this time, all of us have to pee quite abit. Sorcha and I get a devious look in our eyes. Eris has enjoying peeing with us before but only once during our Christmas holding contest. Not sure how much she actually liked it but she went along with it at the time anyway.

Regardless, we walk out to the balcony, the same one I pissed off of at the start of the month and we get ready to urinate off of it again. Well I do, for these two women it'll be their first time.

"You two really are perverted..." Eris says something that used to be a nasty insult, but this time her tone indicates a different meaning to her words.

I raise my right leg up onto the railing, giving them both an excellent view.

"I'd not live any other way." I smile as I bite my lower lip. "Pissing feels too damn good..."

"Yeah, it does..." Sorcha replies. "Even better with company."

"Well come on then bitches." I taunt with a devilish grin.

We all start to urinate off of the balcony around the same time and sigh. I think this is the first time I've seen Eris enjoying her wee. The other times I've seen her do it were nothing like this. She's forcing it out so quickly and breathing hard. My urethra thanks me as I squeeze my vaginal muscles against it and Sorcha is literally masturbating while peeing, spraying it everywhere.

We all laugh and just enjoy our lesbian pissfest. We fuck a few more times today and by the end of it, we're all exhausted but fulfilled. I think we showed Eris how sex can be great and have it not be a dark cloud hanging over her, I hope so at least.

But damn, if you had told me before today that Eris and I would hook up, I'd have thought you were insane. I guess that makes me the crazy one.

~~Saturday February 28th, 2009~~

Yup. It's the end of the month again. Honestly I could talk more about what happened but then this chapter would be super long and yeah that wouldn't be ideal.

I suppose I may as well give you all a cliff note version though. Eris and Axel are dating, which means Sorcha and I don't have them in our love making schedules currently. That's fine, I'm happy for both of them, hopefully it's a nice fit, metaphorically and literally. Enjoy that giant penis of his Eris. Anyway, besides that life has been going about the same as always. I've felt really good this month which is awesome.

Today, we did the Test of Vitality. I won't go into too much detail about it but just know that it was basically a marathon race where we couldn't use any of our super powers. It kind of sucked but it is what it is. I ran constantly for like eighteen miles or twenty nine kilometers... and still got in the bottom three. Oh well.

Reaper Rank (Test of Vitality)

Toshia Kamagst - 7 Points

Axel Cress - 6 Points

Sorcha Hansal - 5 Points

Jason Hawkright - 4 Points

Vaine Steele - 3 Points

Paisou Kayo - 2 Points

Eris Bellington - 1 Point

When this entire thing started, my ranking meant so much to me, for good or bad. But now that none of us are rivals and we're all doing our best to work together, it kind of doesn't mean anything. It's just a fun contest at this point. If you can call stressful physical and mental tests every month fun of course.

Reaper Rank (February 2009)

Toshia Kamagst - 38 Points

Sorcha Hansal - 36 Points

Axel Cress - 29 Points

Vaine Steele - 26 Points

Paisou Kayo - 23 Points

Eris Bellington - 22 Points

Jason Hawkright - 22 Points

But yeah. I haven't upgraded my skills at all this month, since I was so concentrating on hacking, alchemy and sex training, ok maybe not that last one, I didn't have a need to spend my soul points every day or once a week. I have 1.75 million stored away now. Don't worry, when I decide what to use them on I'll let you know. As for Alchemy I basically just learned how to make some more fruits and veggies... and daggers. Yeah. Oh and I can make a T-Shirt easily enough now too, although it'll take more time to learn how to add like logos and stuff. I'd probably have to learn art for that too right?

But yeah, our meal with Father was excellent as usual and I have a day with Paisou today, since Sorcha wants to spend time with Toshia. I'm going to go and enjoy that. If life carries on like this, I'll be doing great. Here's to a new month! Nothing bad could possibly happen... right?

###

End of Act I

###

~~ V's Earth Year of 196, 759. 4th month, 18th day~~

I lean back on my chair and let out a sigh. It's very nearly done. Book 1 of who knows how many. Man, it's been almost one earth year since I started writing this hmm? I'll be two hundred thousand Earth-Years old 'soon' and I still write as slow as a sloth taking a dump. Oh well. I'm sure this next book will come to my mind quicker, maybe.

Man it's not going to be fun to go over that time in detail. But if people want to know all of my experiences with The Creators... they'll need to know about it. I stretch out my human body and let out another deep breath. I should probably go back to anthro form hmm? Or put my robe back on?

&&

Nah, no need to wear shit today. Although I feel like I'm not remembering something.

"Vaiiiineee!" I hear someone I know and love dearly call out to me and I can't help but smile.

&&

"You look like your Ruthie persona again today hmm? Oh are you writing more today?" She looks at me quizzically like she often does.

"Yeah Alya, you know I don't want to get my fur into the ink." I smile.

"Pff please." She laughs. "You just enjoy being in your human form more than you'd like to admit. Also you'd write a lot faster if you didn't use such primitive writing tools you know?"

"Bah... humans suck... most of them." I snort as I blush and look away childishly. "And you know why I'm writing this physically, it's more tactile and enjoyable to read a magically penned book than some kind of electronic tablet."

"Uh huh." She nods, suddenly sounding serious and wifey. Uh oh. "Cecil called for you. I told him you'd call him right back and came out here running."

"Fuck... was that today?" Oh shit, that's what I was forgetting. Dammit. "Fine I'll call him back soon, I just have a page or two left and this first book is completed."

"Well hurry up... and put away your titties." Alya teases as she practically hops and skips over to the exit of the room. "You know Cecil got married again right?"

"Yeah yeah I will don't worry." I brush her off. "I'll join you for supper soon."

"Lookin' forward to it." Alya winks at me and leaves.

I sigh again. I feel bad for missing the grand council meeting... again. But honestly it's such a chore to attend usually, just a bunch of intergalactic leaders begging me for help with situations that they could fix themselves. But alas I may as well hear his report. I convert my body back to its original anthro look with ease via alchemy and black attire appears on my body almost instantly afterwards.

Making sure that I am indeed covered up even though I know I am, I turn on my receiver and connect to Cecil's secure line at his Galactic Defense Agency... and wait for a little bit. It doesn't take long for his familiar face to pop up on my holodesk display.

&&

"Vaine, nice of you to call me back." Cecil looks at me with a neutral expression as always, he has had centuries to prefect the art of hiding his emotions afterall.

"Cecil." I reply back calmly. "Alya told me you found another wife. Congratulations."

"Flattery won't get you anywhere Vaine." He looks at me with a serious expression. Ouch. That one hurts. "You've missed the last three meetings with the grand council."

"Yeah I'm sorry, I'll keep on top of that from now on..." I look away sort of ashamed.

Cecil sighs lightly as he looks at a few documents. "It's fine. Nothing much of note has changed since we last spoke anyways."

"No new Thanatos? No Evil Gokus? Bad- I mean normal Homelanders or Omni-Mans?" I quip lightly but I'm also a bit serious.

"There was one new report that we thought was a possible celestial level threat but it turned out to be nothing." Cecil doesn't look up from his notes. "The war between the Seraphs and Cherubs has erupted once again but so far it's stayed relatively local. Our heroes can handle it."

"Those idiots are at it again hmm?" I sigh. "Is that all?"

"Yes. The Jedi Republic and Sith Federation have been playing nice lately and staying in their own sectors, no new lords or overzealous masters have shown up with an intent to cause chaos or gain control." Cecil is as calm as ever.

"That's some good news at least." I nod and smile.

"Anything new on your end?" Cecil looks a tad impatient but I understand, we're both busy people. Well he is, I'm basically on vacation right now.

"Not really, finally finished the first book... took me long enough." I somehow manage to brag and bash myself in the same sentence.

"That's good. It'll be good for future generations to know that one day." Cecil manages to smile.

"True... but I feel like I've already flubbed it. Pacing is off and it's almost more porn than historical document right now." There I go, criticizing myself too much again.

"Keep at it, I have faith in you." Cecil nods. "I appreciate what you've done more so than almost anyone... and I want others to feel the same way. Regardless I know you have it in you to do this... even if it's difficult."

"Yeah... thanks." I scratch my ear. "If there's nothing else I'll uhh, talk to you at the next grand council meeting, or if an emergency pops up."

We end the call shortly afterwards and I head down into a nearby basement and enter a large empty library made of stone and marble that I constructed awhile ago just for this purpose. I just like the aesthetic even though it'd be much easier if I just uploaded the book normally. I place the magical tome on one of the shelves and it faintly glows blue.

"Book 1, recognized." An AI voice speaks out from somewhere. "Logging... copying... complete."

"Alrighty." I say aloud to no one. "Time to move on... to darker times... before the light can even begin to appear. But first... supper time."

*081*2023-11-29 06:30

Heya all. So it's been almost one year since I started this story. How time flies lol.

Regardless the story will gain a bunch of steam now so I hope you're prepared. 😛

For this chapter, I wanted to end it kind of like how a Light Novel ends. For those who've read them, you'd know they usually include a quick blurb of the author thanking fans and his staff and whoever else, while also providing their personal insights into their work. I thought it'd be a cool idea if we actually saw Vaine from time to time at the end of each Volume, so we'll see how this goes.

For those wondering yes I do have indeed have a long ass timeline planned out. Not every little thing of course that'd be impossible for a mortal like me but lol. One day we may catch up to this point in Vaine's life, maybe. Even if we don't, it gives you the audience, a chance to meet two characters who were only in my head up until this point. (The pic of Alya is so damn cute even if her right hand is abit see-through. 😞 ) And it also may reveal a bit more about distant plotlines and possibilities.

I don't consider this story to be a fan-fiction one but who knows if I write stories where Vaine fights Sith Lords and Dragon Ball Z characters I guess it will become one technically lol.

Thank you all so much for the support, I appreciate all of you. I hope you'll continue on this journey for me. We're about to go on a rather wild ride.

~Much Love, Vaine Steele

EDIT: P.S. I only now just realized that I forgot to have a scene with Axel in this chapter. Oops lol. No worries it'll show up in the next one. Probably. Unless I forget again like a dummy.

*083*2023-12-04 23:47

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

Well, Star Wars does state that is takes place in a galaxy far far away. So you could conceivably make Vaine visit a far away galaxy and make it canon

}}

It's more kind of like Rick and Morty logic, with infinite universes everything is canon with everything so anything is possible to connect with anything. What makes the story matter is Vaine herself and what is important to her is important to me and to the readers, that's the hope at least.

And yeah Vaine's present life is rather peaceful. I legit have so much to tell before we get to that exact point but yeah.

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

I also love Vaine's human form.

}}

Same. She can technically have any form she wants to at a certain point in the story but she almost always prefers to be anthro or human. I could write "filler" with her being an elf or an orc or any of the countless trillions of alien species but that's not something on the agenda right now lol.

She's mostly just in her foxmorph or human forms because those are what I find most attractive personally. I'm sure some people can find some humanoid aliens to be sexy but I'm not one of them really lol.

*085*2024-01-09 09:32

Act II: The Art of War

Interlude II: The Gray Dragoons Return

'Why? Why was I chosen for this?'

A young soldier cursed within his heart as he walked down a bright white hallway. He knew his purpose, he was well aware that he was just another disposable minion whom nobody would take an interest in. He lived under the overbearing shadow of death everyday. Such feelings of fear were not new to him, in fact they were normal.

And yet, he wanted to live for as long as possible. His only desire was to enjoy life in the brief moments of solace that he had. This made sense of course, for the boy was indeed human, even if his humanity was never acknowledged by anyone but himself. Such existences were all too commonplace here, as it had been for generation upon generation.

He couldn't disobey orders, for that would get him slain faster than literally anything else. There was no escape, no fortress of solitude to run to. He always felt trapped, it's just that today he was forced into an inescapable corner, one which he didn't know how to overcome. No god would answer his internal pleas for help, at least none that would listen to him. He was truly and utterly on the footsteps of despair, yet he had no choice but to keep pressing forward.

He had terrible news that he had to deliver to an even more deplorable man. His fellow comrades, if you could even call them that, forced the task onto him. So here he was, briskly moving down a mostly empty hallway that felt so much longer than it actually was.

'Calm down' He told himself. 'I can do this. I'll just meet him, deliver the news as neutrally as possible and excuse myself. Simple.'

Despite his inner assurances, he didn't feel confident in the slightest. Alas his time to think was up and he soon found himself in front of a large doorway, guarded by two armed men. They stopped him with a simple hand gesture.

"I bring word from The Archdeacon, news which The Elder needs to hear as soon as possible."

The two grunts simply looked at each other, then at him, and shrugged.

"Go on ahead, but be quick about it." The helmeted footman said as he opened the door with an access code.

The young man nodded and walked into the room, which was initially even more obnoxiously blinding than the hallway surprisingly enough. But what was more shocking was the smell. A very sweet and pleasant scent permeated this inner space, one that the boy had never experienced before. He realized he was in a garden and that he must be smelling the various flowers and other flora that were flourishing around him.

For a very brief moment, the young lad truly felt what the experience of peace must be like. But then he quickly remembered exactly where he was and why he was here and the involuntary smile retreated from his lips. In the middle of the garden was a simple greenhouse with a sliding door. Inside was a singular human-shaped figure. That must be him.

He opened the sliding door as silently and respectfully as possible before he was able to see the man clearly.

A rather averagely built person with light purple hair and a trimmed beard was tending to his flowers. He donned a simple dark leather jacket and jeans. He was also humming a pleasant folksy song that the cadet didn't recognize at all. If any normal people were to glance at him they'd likely assume that he was just some college dropout, or maybe an experienced mechanic or a ruffian biker of some sort.

But the soldier knew beyond a shadow of a doubt the kind of god whom he was standing before, so he quickly got down on one knee. Nevertheless the man kept whistling his song and trimming his flowers, while paying no heed to him. It was almost like he didn't even exist. The young man began to sweat profusely as the atmosphere quickly turned dire even though a single word hadn't yet been exchanged between them.

'This is bad. Is he testing me or does he really not know I'm here? No no, of course he knows, he's our Creator after all.'

The messengers thoughts became tangled and rapid. Should he speak up or should he wait? He did not know the answer but he made a quick decision regardless.

"E-Excuse me, my lord Elder?" The boy began. "I bring news from The Archdeacon."

The Elder stopped whistling instantly as the head of a purple lily he was pruning fell to the ground. He halted his work for a few seconds and sighed before moving on.

"Well, clearly you have some other place to be..." The Elder spoke rather casually and yet his voice was strangely charismatic. "Well? What is it son?"

The young man's knee began to ache violently from him pressing it into the metallic floor so hard, yet he stayed down anyway.

"I regret to inform you that- that The Baron has been killed." The soldier stopped speaking for a moment before continuing. "The Archdeacon claims that The Gray Dragoons are responsible. He's recommending that you a-and every other council member gather at The Citadel for your safety. War is coming and will soon be upon us."

He did it, he said what he had to say. But he had no time to feel relief.

"The Baron... is dead? So they've finally returned..." The Elder stops looking at his flowers and sets his eyes on the trembling young man for the first time as he stands up and puts his clippers away. "Interesting. That fat ass motherfucker was always an eyesore... but he was also very a very capable man, unfortunately. I guess not anymore though, damn. Shit."

"My lord?" The soldier's natural response to such a brazen reply overwhelmed his senses, an utterance which he regretted almost instantly as he made eye contact with him.

The Elder was smiling in a rather normal yet unsettling way. If he noticed how frightened the soldier before him was, he didn't show it, or even care for that matter.

"Do you know what the meaning of our fragile existence is? It seems so fucking natural for life in our galaxy to just... slip away. Our gift of immortality that we occasionally bestow upon the masses is a rare one indeed."

"My only purpose my lord is to serve you... and to bring true peace and security to the species under us who earn it." The nerve wracked man spoke clearly this time.

The Elder's slight smile disappears into a neutral expression as he begins to walk slowly around the conservatory. The greenhorn pup follows him around without a word, making sure to make as little noise as possible.

"That's what we tell everyone, sure." The Elder's mannerisms don't change but yet he somehow sounds more serious. "But that's simply one of the outcomes that our final goal will accomplish."

The Elder stared at him intently, making sure he was listening and then continued. "What is the one thing that everyone wants, regardless of who they are? It's something so damn basic and yet... so fleeting, much like the beauty of the garden before you."

"I suppose it'd be... happiness?" The young man clearly didn't understand the question, since The Elder looks at him with a disapproving expression. It takes everything he has to not jitter violently from his pulsing nerves and racing heart.

"Again with the basic bitch of an answer." The Elder sighs again. "I suppose it's not your fault, you have such a limited perspective after all."

He pauses for about a minute while still aimlessly wandering around. He waters some of the plants and briefly checks on them, almost as if he's deliberately raising the tension in the room.

"You feel that?" The Elder's charismatic aura is gone. "Does it please you? Of course not."

The new recruit was even more confused, until he realized just how agonizingly uncomfortable he was. He nodded almost involuntarily and kept his head down.

Yet more brief time passes. The greenhorn soldier swears that they've gone around the small warehouse multiple times but he dare not speak until The Elder did, not again.

"You've realized it yourself now." The Elder smiled softly again. "Comfort. That is the truest and most pure desire of anyone who has gained this... curse of consciousness."

He approached the young man, while asking him to raise his head.

"Do you have it within you to aid me in achieving this goal or are you going to betray me one day?" The self proclaimed god's gaze was so intense that the boy felt so small by comparison.

"I am your loyal servant. My life is yours." Somehow he stood his ground.

"Well yes I suppose you would be." The Elder began to chuckle lightly. "You're not an idiot after all."

The soldier smiled for probably the first time since meeting The Elder. A grin which lasted a mere moment and yet...

"Sorry but I don't need another dog."

The young man's vocal cords suddenly felt heavy and he wasn't sure he'd even be able to speak.

"I need wolves."

The young man couldn't even scream as his feet were held in place and his skin began to turn into wood rapidly. His fingertips began to dry out and crack yet not a drop of blood was spilled.

"You need not worry though, you have the honor of being ridden of the curse of life from someone such as me."

His entire body flared with intense pain as roots and sprouted leaves began to crawl out of every orifice of his masculine frame. He soon lost his sight but could still hear just fine, the sound of an ever growing weald shifted and sprung like caustic worms within him. They would be the last song he would ever listen to.

"My flora will be fertilized by your leftovers and you will finally achieve a state of blissful non-existence."

He could feel several stabs of his organs being torn apart from the inside out as his bones cracked and crumbled. He couldn't even scream in agony despite being in a state of absolute hell. The Last thing he experienced was an immense pressure on his skull, before he completely faded away.

The Elder looked at the standing corpse before him before it started to disintegrate into ash.

"What a god damn unpleasant experience that was." Now that The Elder was alone he began talking to himself. "He wasn't even worthy of becoming plant food. Shit. You've really got to stop saying that line and come up with something else, like for real. So lame."

He continued muttering for a few minutes, before he calmly walked out of his well lit garden and into his hanger, where his personal black ship awaited him. He didn't speak to anyone else. Once he had taken off into space he refused to look back as the space station, where he lived out hundreds of his years, self-destructed in a brilliant bluish green explosion.

"Sorry lads but I can't have The Gray Dragoons finding this place, especially him." The Elder nearly sneered. "Can't have any more info on us leaking out. What a pain in the fucking ass."

"I really am going to miss that conservatory though..."

~~Elsewhere in the Galaxy~~

A blaring and overpowering alarm swept through the entire vessel. The sole Creator onboard didn't even have the time to be irritated by it, as It was the first time he heard it on this ship. This distress signal meant one thing and one thing only. Something, somewhere must have gone horribly wrong and The Council was contacting him to inform him of an emergency situation.

His hair was unkempt and his dress shirt went unbuttoned, he didn't have a moment to make himself look presentable. As quickly as he could, he sprinted to the comm relay in the back of his craft and turned it on. A man adorned in red robes with long black hair looked at him sternly, like a parent about to discipline their child. However, The Creator knew that The Archdeacon's harsh glare wasn't directed towards him, not this time.

"Father, we have a problem." The Archdeacon said clearly. "Come to The Citadel with your Reapers immediately. Your life is in danger."

"What's happened?" Father spoke anxiously and genuinely, there was no hiding their true emotions from each other, not now.

"The Baron has been killed. The Gray Dragoons have revealed themselves... and we have nowhere reliable to run this time. We must fight and purge them from this galaxy once and for all. Justice shall finally come to these fucking traitors."

"How? When?" Father was stunned. His mind was racing more so than usual which was very rare.

"About eighty hours ago." The Archdeacon shows a still frame from a video on screen. The two men knew instantly who they were looking at.

The Baron. A... shall we say fairly rounded man was staring down a brutish and massively buff looking bull anthro, who was standing below him on a stone bridge. They were surrounded by flames and a mostly obliterated undead legion, The Baron didn't like to keep company with the living. At his back a huge castle was erected, carved from white stone that was now mostly in ruins.

"Ozaj..." Father's lips trembled, it really was him. "Shit."

The Archdeacon started the video and almost immediately The Baron began to speak.

"So... the miserable gutter rat has finally come out of his shitty hole?" He taunted. "Pathetic worm. I shall deal with you here and now."

Ozaj pointed straight at the obese sultan and loudly bellowed. "Your reign of terror is at an end... Baron. The poor innocent souls that you've mistreated shall finally be set free."

"Come at me then!"

Ozaj ran up the stairs and closed the nearly fifty foot gap between them in an instant. He threw a flurry of thirty to forty punches per second and despite The Baron's appearance he was moving just as swiftly as Ozaj was. Each blow that these superpowered men exchanged was easily powerful enough to bring down a skyscraper that you'd find on Earth, maybe even stronger.

They both yelled furiously as multiple sonic booms tore through the atmosphere, shifting and bending the very landscape around them as they dashed and flew around the battlefield. Ozaj was slammed through dozens of trees in a nearby forest because of one hit that he failed to block, while The Baron was blown through his castle with another. The Baron sent a ray of fire towards Ozaj just as he expelled a beam of bright lightning. These unfathomable powers clashed midair and cancelled each other out with a massive colorful explosion and neither participant seemed worse for wear for it.

Mere minutes after their fight had started, they weren't slowing down, if anything their spar became even more furious than before. Neither of them were letting up and to an outside observer it seemed like they were evenly matched. They were starting to breathe heavier and sweat profusely but aside from that they showed no signs of fatigue.

The fight carried on, through mountains and valleys and forests and swamps, until they both looped back to the ruined castle grounds once again. Ozaj managed to land three crushing blows that were infused with yellow lightning soon after, causing The Baron to slam vertically into his already toppled keep and presumably through the deep ground. This sent out a massive catalyst of debris all around him before the camera stopped.

"That was the last transmission from his security network. Two of my most trusted disciples went to his planet and found nothing but a massive crater at his former home, with The Baron's headless corpse smackdab in the middle of it." The Archdeacon explained.

"Why wasn't I informed earlier?" Father looked angry but The Archdeacon didn't care.

"I informed The Council first. You're the first Creator I've contacted outside of us, be thankful. I had to confirm what happened for myself, we only received the video nineteen hours ago."

Father hadn't felt these emotions in a long time. Fury flowed in his veins, along with primal fear... and the knowledge of an opportunity. This war would make or break them, sure. But this was also the perfect chance to show that his Reapers were the ultimate loyal soldier. Maybe he wouldn't have to kill the foolish Council after all. And if he could win the war with his enemy Creators and Gray Dragoons dead it would be the perfect outcome.

He felt as though the universe was offering him a hand, something which hadn't happened in ages. Not since-

"My investigators found that The Baron had files on almost every Creator. We can't be certain that Ozaj doesn't have them now. Honestly it feels as though The Baron was scheming on his own with someone outside of our knowledge but we obviously will never know now."

"So Ozaj knows that I'm here? On Earth?" Father's facial expression immediately shifted.

"Possibly. Again get to The Citadel, bring as many of your artificial bodyguards with you as you want. We don't have time to argue."

With that, The Archdeacon ended the transmission. Even though Father was worried sick he couldn't help but smile and laugh as he sat down for a moment and downed a quick shot of a bourbon-like beverage. What he felt at that moment no one could know.

"Ozaj..." His tone was one of great contempt but also sorrow. "Welcome home... Brother. I'll send you to hell myself."

A handful of minutes later, just as Father was leaving his ship and setting out to gather his Reaper fledglings, he heard another alarm. However this one was automated... and common.

"Warning! Unidentified object approaching! Calculating..." His vessel's AI chirped.

But before he could really react, he looked up towards the morning sun and saw someone flying through the clouds, with a sparking yellow trail left behind him.

Father didn't even have time to curse before the assailant easily blew through his personal vessel and it crashed into the megastructure below them...

*086*2024-01-09 09:52

Chapter 16: Here At The End of All Things

Ugh... my head. Where am I? Everything is so dark. Also I'm naked for some reason, gotta love that.

"Child of Earth..."

A rather unsettling feminine and foreign voice echoes through my entire body, yet somehow I don't panic. I see it now... shaded dark trees that touch the sky surround us, just barely visible from their outermost edges. The very ground beneath my feet feels like a liquid yet I don't fall through. I see ripples flow out from my feet wherever I step on it. It is honestly rather disturbing.

In the middle of, wherever I am, there's an elderly hooded woman in purple robes, sitting behind a stone circular table. The light from numerous candles aglow with violet light on said table seem to be the only source of warmth here, so I instinctively sit down across from her.

"I thought I would talk to you now..." The old woman speaks and yet her lips do not move. "But we do not have much time. It passes much slower here but nevertheless I cannot hold onto our spiritual connection for very long."

"Who are you?" I tilt my head in confusion. "And why the fuck am I naked?!"

"I am what my acolytes and fellow Creators call The Matriarch." She explains. "And your appearance here is a reflection of your soul, your soul doesn't wear clothes."

Ahh ok makes sense. Wait no it doesn't why am I here?!

"I'm sure you have many more questions but alas, I cannot answer them, not with the limited time we have." Once again, her mouth doesn't move. Creepy as balls.

"Then why did you bring me here?" I ponder aloud.

"In a word, curiosity my child. I have been observing you and your kin for the past few months. Yet... among all of Father's Reapers, you are unique."

"Gee thanks, I guess." I rub my head awkwardly.

"You may not believe me but I actually want to help you. I sense a powerful force of willpower deep within your very being. We need to bring that energy out of you."

Oof. Cringe. Now that I think about it she's just spewing a bunch of fortune teller gobbilty gook isn't she? What the hell is she even going on about?

"When you awake you will forget that we spoke. But alas you need not worry, we shall meet later today and your memories will return. That is of course if you survive. I can almost always see glimpses of the future and yet yours is so uncertain. I wish you luck child, I truly hope I can see you face to face."

Survive? See the future? What the f-

~~Saturday, March 7th, 2009~~

I cough violently and my eyes sting as I try to open them. God I feel awful and everything hurts. What- what happened to me? My mouth is full of a bitterly dry and revolting taste that I cannot identify. I try to feel around my surroundings and all I can detect... is a thick layer of powdered dust on everything... and positions of objects that make no logical sense to my numbed thoughts.

I wipe the unpleasant dirt from my eyes, whatever it is, and that's when I see it.

I'm surrounded by debris, the megastructure around me is almost completely in ruins. The air is thick with a sickening fog, must be the dust that I can both feel and taste. My fur is bloodied around one leg and areas on my face but I'm alright, whatever wounds I had must have regenerated. However, my eyes shift slightly to the left and I nearly scream.

Toshia is laying there, motionless. The lower half of his body appears to be crushed underneath a massive metal beam and there's blood everywhere. My mind instantly goes blank when I remember that he pushed me out of the way... just as everything came crumbling down.

"Toshia? No no nononono!!" I panic as I run up to him. 'Fuck fuck fuck!"

This looks really bad. Using all of my strength, I pull his upper half away from the debris. All I can hear is the sickening squelching sound of blood popping and organs stretching. I continue to force his body out... I should have given him enough space for him to start regenerating by now. Why isn't he healing?!

I desperately dig through his gaping chest cavity with tears flowing through my eyes... and I cut myself on something. I pull out the offending object... and it's part of a broken core.

This can't be real. I have to be dreaming. This-this isn't possible. He- he can't be-

"Toshia!!!" My vision blurs ever more as the crystal clatters to the ground. "Wake up! Wake the fuck up!!"

The primal part of my brain knows I'm screaming in vain. Yet I continue to pound my fists softly into his shoulder anyway and cry harder than I ever have in my life.

How the fuck did this happen? I thought- I swore that we'd have more time together. My mental gears are a jumbled mess and yet I hear a voice in my head that isn't my own.

'Everyone! Make your way to the emergency escape pods! We're under attack by a powerful foe that we cannot defeat here. Hurry! We've not got much time!' It's Father's voice, speaking to me through telepathy or my core I guess.

I see a GPS of sorts in my AI companion's HUD, a short path that leads somewhere. I don't want to leave Toshia here, every fiber of my being just wants to sit here in this filthy viscera and do nothing. Yet my body moves on its own, seemingly out of instinct and I begin to run as I follow the path laid before me.

It doesn't take long before I meet up with Paisou or rather I see him about thirty or forty feet away from me... and the horrors of the day don't end. He's being chased by someone, a massive bull anthro whom I've never met, that must be the enemy Father was talking about.

'Paisou! Vaine! Keep running! Don't stop!' Father's voice rings in my ears once again.

I see dozens if not hundreds of Omega and Theta Sentinels swarming the invader like some kind of comical multi-person football tackle. But this is no game. They're slowing him down but not by much. He seemingly blows them away with such ease and yet more and more continue to pile onto him. They seem to be nothing more than a distraction but it is buying us valuable time.

We continue to run with all our might, it only takes about twenty seconds before a small wall opens up before us with two small cylindrical pods inside. I make it to the pod first and turn around, Paisou is only a few seconds behind me. He smiles lightly, even though he's covered in filth, as if to say, thank goodness.

We made it.

Or I thought we did. Before I even have time to think, the angry minotaur grabs Paisou from behind by the neck and he says something that completely flabbergasts me. The last thing I see and hear is Paisou's neck snapping and the pod whisks me away.

Something within my soul breaks at that very moment and all I can do is sit down with my knees pressed against my chest and weep softly, it's all that I have the mental strength for. I think I'm safe now, going underground to... somewhere... but I don't actually know.

Toshia...

Gotta practice on something if I'm to get good at patching up injuries. Your ass is just a good place as any to train on.

Have you ever wondered if this... life we're leading is actually our destiny?

Hey V, enjoying the view?

I mostly feel guilty, I thought I was getting through to him. Now I'm not so sure.

Paisou...

You're really cute. Can't say I've ever seen a woman peeing before.

Yeah can... can I touch you too? You know, down there?

I am just gonna head back to my room. I thought I could do this and enjoy naturalism with the rest of you but I just can't. Sorry.

I- I'm in love with you. Told you that you'd think I was selfish...

They're gone. Both of them...

I don't know how much time passes, probably not long, as the pod slides up once again and the cylindrical glass door hisses open. Sorcha and Eris are sitting down and Jason is standing up, while Axel is leaning against a wall.

They're here... the rest of them... are here. I am beyond grateful but I'm also very torn.

"Vaine!" Sorcha runs up to me and hugs me tightly and I continue to cry. "Thank the heavens your safe..."

Father is sitting down some sort of pilot seat. He's talking to someone through comms but all I pick up is a few scarce words like 'gather everyone' and 'citadel'. My mind is much too clouded to pay attention to it. We must be in a small spaceship, one that I've not seen before.

"Why are we leaving?" Jason yells bitterly. "Toshia and Paisou aren't back yet!"

I try to open my mouth to speak but nothing comes out.

"They're already dead." Father says with a neutral tone. "I'm sorry. Ozaj killed them."

"That-that can't be!" Jason stammers. "Turn around and go back! We have to save him!"

"Jason..." My lips tremble. "He's right... Toshia's gone... he protected me... but he's...."

He looks at me with both fury and sadness. But I know he knows the truth. I can see it in his quivering eyes.

"Fuck!! Dammit!" Jason punches a wall to no effect and storms out of the room, or to the back of the ship I guess.

The next little while is a blur, but we're all brought to tears by our grief. We lost two Reapers today. The reality of that hasn't really set in yet, at least for me. Axel and Eris are embracing each other on a small bench while Sorcha and I do the same while sitting on the floor. We just... stay there for a bit. Jason comes back in after a little while, looking pissed and sad all at once as he leans on a free wall with his arms crossed.

We mostly just stay there in silence, until Father begins to speak.

"My personal Alpha Sentinel has just finished making you all a spare set of clothing. I recommend that you all have a shower and come back here once you're clean. Since this is my spare personal craft for emergencies, there's only one bathroom. I trust you will all be as quick as you can. It's not ideal but we need to discuss what comes next as soon as possible, we will have our time to grieve once we're safe. Feel free to grab some food if you'd like as well. It's nothing fancy but it's something."

We talk among ourselves briefly before we decide that I should go first, since I look the most like shit. Gee thanks. I can't deny that they're right though, I'm sure I smell like blood and ass right now.

I walk to where Father instructed me to go, the middle section of the ship is little more than a small kitchen, with a tiny table that can seemingly barely support the seven sets of folded clothes on top of it. To the right of said eating area is a compact sliding door with a simple sink, toilet and standing shower crammed into as little space as possible.

I strip off my dirty clothes without a shred of shame and enter the bathroom, where I can see myself in a mirror. The right part of my forehead, the upper half of my left breast and both of my arms up to my elbows are absolutely caked in blood. I know most of it isn't my own but yeah... I look awful. No shit right?

I step into the shower and clean the dried filth from my fur as quickly as possible. I don't even have the urge to urinate right now as I normally do when I get cleaned up. My head must be fucked up pretty bad.

Once I finish my quick shower, it's only then when I notice that there is no towel in here. Not really paying much mind to it I shake the wetness from my body as best as I can and step outside. Sorcha, Jason and Eris are all back here in the sci-fi break room, not caring in the slightest about my nudity. Sorcha hands me a towel and I thank her as she heads into the bathroom herself.

I dry myself off quickly and find my pile of freshly folded clothes, they have a tag on top of them that says "V." Well, points for efficiency I suppose. I put on the dull gray underwear and bra, for as lame as they look they actually are extremely comfortable and are the exact right size.

I put on the accompanying clothing, which is just a standard black military uniform. Again it fits perfectly.

"Towels are in the cupboard here Vaine." Eris tells me. "You may wanna get one ready for Sorcha."

"Thanks." I grab one and just wait around.

Sorcha comes out fairly soon afterwards looking as sexy as ever and I hand her the towel. Seeing her get dressed afterwards is strange but I guess it'll be the norm now. Wherever we're going I assume she can't be a nudist all the time... anymore.

This process repeats a few times, Jason gets nude, Eris gives him a towel, Eris strips naked, Axel passes her a towel, I don't really have to go into much detail here do I? Good enough.

After we're all squeaky clean and slightly fed we head back to the cockpit where we assume Father is waiting for us. We all sit down in different areas of it, waiting for him to speak. No doubt he has a lot to talk about and my mind is a little more clear right now.

"First of all let me say that my heart bleeds with you." Father laments as he turns to face us, the ship must be on auto-pilot or something. "Toshia had the potential to be one of the greatest scientists within the Reapers ranks and Paisou would have made an excellent spec-ops soldier one day. But besides that you all lost friends... brothers... and lovers. I am truly sorry and it shames me to say that I wasn't prepared for a full on attack like this, you are the first Reapers to not complete your training. I got careless."

"I know you've said that we have many enemies out there in the galaxy," Jason begins. "But I didn't realize they were so powerful... that was one anthro... just one. You called him Ozaj right? Who the hell is he?"

"He was my best friend... and a brother-in-arms." Father's eyes look cold. "He was someone who had my back once. Now he's nothing more than a cowardly traitor. There is much history between us but it would take many hours to explain it all right now. Regardless the latest war with him and his followers that call themselves The Gray Dragoons has begun. This will be the last one... and he'll finally receive the hammer of justice that he very much deserves."

"I don't understand how he was so powerful though." I kinda blurt out, oopsie.

"He is a god-like being like myself and the rest of The Creators. We all attained our immortality at the same time from the same source. But nevertheless this isn't what we have to discuss right now."

Makes sense I guess.

"All of the Reapers, The Creators and their personal elite soldiers will be gathered to an impenetrable space station where we'll all be safe for now. We call it The Citadel. There, we can come up with countermeasures and take steps to end The Gray Dragoons once and for all." Father continued.

"How can we be sure that it's safe? They found us on Earth... couldn't Ozaj just track us all again?" Axel ponders.

"The entire core structure and outside shell of the base is made from one of the strongest metal alloys that we know of and it's completely immune to our divine gift of alchemy. The exterior of the station alone took us a few centuries to build. And there's no digital trace of it anywhere in our archives. Even if the Dragoons found it they could not enter, not even someone as powerful as Ozaj could break through its armor." Father replied.

So if they located us we could just hold up inside forever like a castle siege or something? Wouldn't we run out of food and supplies eventually? Ahh whatever, no need to vocalize my concerns, I trust that when Father tells us that it is as secure as possible then it must be true. If only that was the case with our former home...

We don't ask anymore questions for awhile, as Father went onto explain a bunch of things. I'll do my best to summarize it here. He starts off by showing us a holographic projection of the entire Citadel. It basically just looks like a giant space pyramid, mostly.

It has nine levels or "zones" if you will, whatever you wanna call them. The hanger and most of the exterior security is on level six, level seven is where robots and other autonomous amenities are stored and repaired, as well as being a sort of jack-of-all-trades maintenance floor. Like it's also where trash is gathered and dumped and there's a place to wash clothes, miscellaneous shit like that.

The eighth level contains most of our supplies that are stockpiled, everything from extra weapons to food and everything in between I guess. Level nine, the bottom level and one of the smallest besides level one, is a jail where we will keep super powered prisoners of war or rebellious soldiers, assuming we don't outright kill them.

I know I said level a lot but bare with me... there's way more floors to talk about.

Ahem, anyway, level five is I guess where we will live. The private armies of all the creators that are brought onboard will reside here, which means that every Reaper will live in the same place for the first time ever since Father started making us. He shows us a floor blueprint layout and it's basically all what you'd expect, I'm sure I'll go into more detail on it later on.

Father tells us that while all Creators are allied, relationships between them are strained to say the least. So, if fights break out between different soldier factions and these feuds escalate it could be really bad. Father has told us we can defend ourselves if we're attacked but we're forbidden from killing anyone on the base. Not that I'd expect anything different.

Again I'm sure I'll meet all kinds of anthros and aliens but I couldn't care less right now... not today.

Regardless, levels four to one are where all the Creators will live. Level four is for standard Creators, no idea what that means really. High ranking Creators will make their homes on level three. The Council, head honchos of The Creators whom I didn't know existed until now, reside on level two. And you guessed it, the head of the heads lives on level one... by themselves I guess. Father will have his personal quarters on the third level, which means he is indeed a fairly big deal.

But yeah phew I think I'm done with explaining The Citadel for now. We're informed that ID chips will be implanted into our forearms once we land in the hanger, for security purposes. Sounds like fun. We, by that I mean me and my fellow Reapers, will have access to levels five to nine of the base. I guess we can only go up to the Creator's floors if we're invited or something.

Speaking of Creators though, Father firmly warns us to not speak to any of them, especially to someone called The Elder, unless we are spoken to first. This is really important because I guess if we piss off a high ranking Creator, Father won't be able to protect us. I... don't know what to think of that information but ok.

The last thing Father tells us is that this won't be as much of a, shall we say, walk in the park, as our life in the megastructure was. Since almost all of Father's Sentinels were destroyed by Ozaj, the convenience of our life before won't be possible. We won't be able to finish our planned soul consumption, since we left those... juicer pills behind on Earth. Food will be worse, the mass produced androids that every other Creator uses can't do shit with alchemy, so Father tells us to do our absolute best to make sure we clean up after ourselves.

That may have been directed at me since I've pissed in so many beds and outside of toilets countless times, just a hunch. Guess we'll have to do our own laundry too. Icky.

But yeah it'll take Father awhile to build up his Sentinel servants once again, a process which he can't do at The Citadel anyway since the supplies he'd need aren't there. We would probably need to go on missions just to secure some very rare materials if we wanted the convenience of having Sentinels serve us again, even then there wouldn't be enough for everyone for a long ass time.

It's just another reminder that not everything can be produced with alchemy, at least not quickly. Some elements are far too... finicky or unstable to create easily. Not that alchemy is easy mind you, I still suck balls at it but regardless I'm rambling on a bit here.

Point is, I won't be able to get any stronger, power level wise, on the Citadel since I can't kill anyone so... that'll be yet another thing to adjust to. Not like I was taking my skills too seriously to begin with mind you but yeah. I still have over a million unused souls right now so if I need to I'll spend them. For now I'll just keep them until I'm on an assignment or something.

Regardless Father finishes his explanation and we take a break for now. He informs us that it'll take about twelve hours of hyperspace travel for us to arrive at The Citadel. Damn. Guess it's not going to be instantly quick like you see in every Hollywood sci-fi flick.

So... for the next seven hundred and forty minutes there is really not much to do at all. Yeah outside of the cockpit you can see space and there's a small observation window in the kitchen but as beautiful as that is, that's literally all that's out there. What else can I say it's fucking space. Most of us just hang out in the back room, or middle room I guess the actual back room has the engine in it and shit. I could have eaten something but I literally don't feel like it at all. I drink a bit of water but that's really it.

My heart is still feels overwhelmingly heavy at what happened today. It feels like the pain and emotions are clawing and chewing their way out of my chest, and no amount of time will ever take this overwhelming agony away. I was naive. I felt imprisoned by life in the megastructure and yet I want to go back there more than anything right now. But we can't turn back time, such a thing is one science fiction thing that will stay that way.

I could ramble on for awhile as to what went through my head at that time but it's not all that important. Just the usual emo self-loathing bullshit, only this time I actually have a real reason for it.

Hours pass, most of us have used the bathroom at least once but again I have no desire to. I can feel the urine inside my bladder yes but my arousing urge to piss out a river just isn't there. Shocking I know.

Anyway, Father calls us to the cockpit once we exit hyperspace. What I see through the glass kind of blows my fucking mind.

&&

The sight of seeing The Citadel for the first time is nothing short of extraordinary. Calling it grand would be an insult. It's much more impressive than any fake sci-fi shit in films. That is my second Hollywood reference today and probably the last, sorry.

Nevertheless it really does have a certain unparalleled beauty to it that I can't really put into words. We can all easily notice the amount of craftsmanship and dedication that was poured into it, much more so than the hastily constructed megastructure that was our previous home.

Father talks to some security guard through the ship's comms and goes through like a triple verification process of some sort. A massive hanger door opens up rather quickly considering its size and we fly right in and park beside dozens of other similar sized spaceships. We go down so smoothly without so much as a thud, it feels as if we landed on a cloud.

We all step out of the ship about a minute later, the Alpha Sentinel follows Father as well. There are armed guards dressed in dark gray uniforms everywhere who bow to us when we get out. It's only as I get closer to one that I notice they're all creepy looking androids with pale metallic skin and soulless dark eyes. Gross. Anyway this sector of the level is apparently just for Creator ships only. I guess if I were to go on an excursion with a group of soldiers and not have a Creator with me we'd have to leave via another entrance.

The hanger is massive. No shit right? Like the ceiling above us has to be three to five hundred feet into the air at the very least, to accommodate a wide variety of vessels no doubt. Almost all of the metal is black with pale yellow lighting, much like the exterior of The Citadel. That's just fine with me, I'd rather it not be bright as fuck anyway. Despite the dark metallic surface of... everything, it's easy to see every detail perfectly clearly.

After I stop gawking at the architecture, we head to a large door easily about twenty five feet tall and sixty feet wide, before eventually making our way to a small room where we get our ID chips inserted into our arms. It's painful for a mere split second, nothing like the numbing ache deep in my heart right now. We walk along even further down this long ass massive hallway, I don't pay much attention to the dozens of other areas that we pass. After a few minutes we see a single soul waiting for us. Father greets him warmly.

"Hannes. Great to see you my boy." They both smile as they shake hands.

"Father, welcome back." His goofy plastered grin doesn't leave his face. "I assume these are the Reaper Fledglings with you?"

Fledglings? What? Oh cus we didn't complete our training. Right.

"Nice to meet you." He bows lightly to all of us. "My name is Hannes Wyrmskoll, the head administrator for Reapers here at The Citadel. I look forward to working with all of you."

We introduce ourselves to him as well. How can I describe him without being insulting... hmm.

Ok sorry I can't, I'm sure he's a good guy, probably, but the human Reaper before us looks exactly like your stereotypical anime protagonist. I'm sorry but it's true. Short dark brown hair, pretty young face and a slim build, slightly peachy skin. If he didn't have red eyes like the rest of us he'd look just like any other human, indistinguishable from the crowd. I guess the only thing that does make him stand out is the rapier attached to his belt, that must be his personality trait. My bladder almost laughs at him, if it could chuckle instead of wee. I could use a wee right now...

"How's the status on the gathering of all the Reapers?" Father's face turns serious.

"They're almost all on their way." Hannes looks concerned. "But we've confirmed the loss of two others within the last fifteen hours. Kridilk and Suulag's tracking signals vanished within hours of each other. And they were in completely separate star systems at the time."

"Shit." Father curses for the first time ever, I'd be shocked but because of today I'm not really. "So it was a coordinated attack."

"Most likely yes."

"What about Kastor and Gavis? What's their status?" Father probes further.

"Kastor is on his way, he should be here soon. Gavis is still outside of our communication range due to a critical point in his mission... but his signal is still active and mobile."

Hannes speaks so fluently it's like listening to a political speaker. I guess he's known the Reapers that they're talking about for awhile though.

"Bring Kastor to me when he arrives and contact Gavis as soon as possible. We need everyone here to reorganize our priorities quickly." Father commands.

"Yes my lord, it will be done." Hannes bows again.

He takes his leave rather quickly after that, informing us to talk to him in level five's command center if we have any questions or concerns.

We carry on to one of the main elevators after that, which takes us about ten more minutes. My AI Core's GPS is leading me to what I assume are my personal quarters on the level above us. Before we reach them however, there's a middle-aged man with long black hair and he's emanating a powerfully intimidating aura as he appears to be waiting for us just outside of the lifts, along with two of his armed guards.

&&

He folds his hands across his diaphragm and smiles at us. I know instantly how powerful this creator is just from his presence alone, so much so that my bladder twitches. I can practically hear the epic choir music behind him if he had an anime introduction sequence of some sort. Nevertheless I need to calm down, he's our ally... but damn I wouldn't live if I pissed him off. Maybe he'd enjoy me pissing on him though...

"Archdeacon, nice of you to greet us." Father bows politely and we do the same.

"Father, welcome." His voice is very charismatic and calm. "I assume that these your most recent children from the latest system with the white sun?"

"Indeed they are." Father smiles back as he introduces each of us.

"It is my great pleasure to welcome to all to The Citadel." The Archdeacon bows slightly, almost as if he's praying or something. "I am truly sorry that you lost two of your siblings today. The machinations of the universe take away those closest to us far too often. I will make an offering to the supreme one tonight and ask him to bless you with the crimson star's light."

"The Archdeacon is the leader of The Council and the head of The Order of The Scarlet Suns." Father explains to us.

So he's a religious nutjob? Perfect.

"You flatter me Father." The Archdeacon smiles softly again. "I am but a humble mouth piece for the most ancient of high spirits that dwell within the sacred red dwarfs."

Wait seriously? He worships the most common star in the universe? Surely this man doesn't actually- Oh I get it he's a cult leader, got cha. Controlling your pathetic followers through religion is one means of instilling fear for sure... although that aura of ki or lifeforce or whatever the fuck already does it.

Man I should have pissed on the spaceship... I mean I can hold it in but uhh, it's stressing me out not going to lie.

"I thank you for your blessing." Father nods and we all do as well. "It's been a long fourteen hours though, I'm sure my children would like to get acquainted with their personal quarters and rest for now."

I'd like to get acquainted with a toilet seat right about now.

"Of course." The Archdeacon politely gestures. "If ever you wish for spiritual guidance, don't be afraid to visit the sacred chapel on the fifth level, my devoted ones would be more than happy to help you."

With that, he takes an elevator with his personal guards that we were probably going to use and they go up. What a butthole. However it only takes seconds for another one to arrive and we can all easily fit inside. The- the lift I mean... not the anal cavity. The large ass- ahem door, opens up and we calmly step inside.

When we reach the fifth level, it looks... pretty much identical to the other one, except this one is clearly where lots of sentient beings live because there's dozens of them walking through the first big area that we see. Father waves us goodbye and goes up another floor, probably two, leaving us by ourselves for the first time today.

Oh well though, we're adults... not some kids lost in the damn mall. We'll be fine. These elevators basically led us to a huge lobby room, security here seems to be fairly minor. I don't know what a bunch of creepy androids with specialized stun guns and extra strong handcuffs are going to do against a rogue soldier with superpowers but maybe I just have too little faith in them.

I guess I forgot to mention that almost all of the elite members of various Creator's armies have some form of superpowers, according to what Father told us. With how horrible the day has been can you really blame me? But yeah Reapers are way stronger than these chumps, in theory, since our power just grows infinitely while they have one or two superpowers at the most. They also don't have the gift of alchemy, which is something else unique to us by comparison. Nevertheless almost any of them could easily kill a normal person.

As I look around, almost all of the humanoids I see are either anthros or humans. I only spot a few aliens with unique-ish looks. Guess we know the kinds of beings that The Creators in general like to recruit. I pass through security within seconds and take a moment to let it all in. I see various buildings inside the interior that I can only describe as... like sci-fi apartment buildings. I know that sounds pretty generic but it's true. There are dozens of them spread around one sector of the level, they look like city blocks that are encased inside of this... station.

I wouldn't be surprised if like around ten thousand soldiers lived here, that would be my estimate at least. A small army sure, until you remember that we're all superpowered freaks who could easy crush any normal civilization that we'd come across. Although, with many of us probably coming and going on various excursions, the population of the soldiers in here can easily shift within the thousands.

Regardless, I should probably head to my personal quarters and pee... but I end up looking around the level instead. It's around this time when we all split up and just... start doing our own thing I guess. Axel and Sorcha are really the only two who bother to wave goodbye to me, Eris and Jason just take off in separate directions without saying much of anything.

Now let's see where to go to first...

My AI Core's GPS has a detailed map, like you'd find in a MMO video game or something. Everywhere is mapped out in a 2D space but places I've not been to are like gray and have question marks inside them, like various POI's. It really is a video game hmm? The only area on my map that's named is the security entrance where the elevators were, the huge command center next to it and the apartment building where my personal quarters are. Nevertheless, out of curiosity I make my way to one of the small buildings close to the center of the sector. The front entrance is really just an open area, like an auditorium or something.

Inside is a... gym of sorts. Well not really, more like a combat training area. Various buff men and a few women are either fighting for practice purposes, going through their weapon forms and stances or just punching targets that are designed to take a beating.

Also everyone isn't naked but they're pretty much in their underwear, it's the same kind that I'm wearing... just like dull and gray coverings for their tits and balls. Some lifeforms are wearing what you would call pants but not many. Hell there's even a threesome going on in a corner on a thick mat, pretty sure that's not the kind of training this place is for...

Anyway I leave fairly quickly, not really in the mood to train or fuck right now. As I do so I run into Hannes of all people.

"Hey. Vaine right?" He greets me in a cheerful voice. "You curious about working out in there? It's a general area but the gym in your apartment building is much more likely to have Reapers inside it, since there are so few of us in comparison we tend to hang out close together."

"Nah I was just... wandering around." I scratch my head awkwardly as my vagina starts to hurt, I should really go find a bathroom. "Getting my bearings for my new home and shit. Trying to get my mind off of stuff."

"I have some free time right now if you'd like me to show you around." Hannes extends his hand. "I've lived here for almost forty of my years after all."

"Sure." I blurt out.

Why did I agree?! Dammit. Oh well.

Hannes proceeds to show me around like a lost puppy, and various POI's are now labeled on my map. A library of sorts, recreation rooms, cafeterias, bathrooms, showers, which are all public. There is even a training pool that you have to book to use. Didn't think we'd have that but it's not really for recreation, more like training for what outer space would possibly feel like if we were to ever do a space walk. That seems rather primitive considering the technology that the Creator's have but whatever, who am I to judge. I guess the artificial gravity generators or whatever have their hands full just holding us down.

Regardless it's about twenty minutes later and I really really need to go now. It takes everything I have to not do a potty dance. I would enjoy my leisure time more but I've just been tense this whole time. Just as I'm about to excuse myself though, a creepy android robot comes up to us and begins to speak.

"Vaine Steele?" It questions in a monotone voice. "Please follow me. The Elder would like to meet with you."

What. Freaking What?! Are you kidding me right now? That's the super duper leader of the creators right? The head head honcho? The big bad wolf? What in the actual fuck?

Hannes tries to hide it but his eyes are full of terror. "Well... I'll see you later Vaine. You'll be fine... just be honest and respectful and you'll be back before you know it."

Great. Perfect. Well at least if I piss myself while meeting him I can have a good laugh before he causes my head to explode. I steel my vaginal muscles and follow the droid. We walk past the security checkpoint again and enter the elevator. It goes up rather slowly to be honest. I see all the levels from four to two due to most of the elevator's walls being made of glass but I'm not really focused on that right now.

My mind is racing like crazy. If I make one mistake, my life can easily be snuffed out here. The biggest question I have is why? Why does he want to see me of all Reapers? It doesn't make any sense. Unless... Oh.

I don't have much more time to think however and before I know it, the elevator doors slide open, revealing level one. What I see kind of astounds me not going to lie.

&&

It's like a whole other world. Around the expensive penthouse of sorts there are various plants scattered here and there. But that's not really what catches my eye. Through the glass ceiling, it looks like outer space... if it were an aquarium. Various space whales are flying out there and the beautiful reflected light waves that pass and sway through the water are so... beautiful. If my pussy didn't ache hard right now I'd enjoy the sight a lot more like god damn... that's the most realistic CGI I've ever seen in my life.

I know it has to be fake, considering I've seen what the space outside The Citadel actually looks like, but still. If I didn't know any better I'd think it was real. I guess I know the kind of man that The Elder is now, even if only slightly. He's a man who wants to make the entire galaxy his fishbowl.

No? That's not correct? Kay.

Regardless of my stupid inner thoughts, the android leads me to an office with an actual wooden door. Very few things here are actually made of metal really, alot of the interior design seems to be rather... primitive. In a good way though.

The robotic messenger knocks on it and every nerve in my body stands on end. This is it.

"Yes?" A normal male voice comes from inside.

"I've brought you Vaine Steele, the Reaper my lord, as you requested." The droid speaks without a hint of emotion.

"Let her in." He speaks quickly, is he annoyed? Please tell me he's not annoyed.

It opens up the door and I quickly walk in before the door closes. The man before me... is not what I expected at all.

&&

The walls are covered with sentimental pictures and the office space looks relatively normal. The desk before him is so clean that it looks factory new. The man before me has white, no light purple hair, it's hard to tell given the sort of weird lighting that's in the room. He looks very young for someone called The Elder. I expected some old geezer but nope. We're it not for the creepy wooden skull behind him and his aura that is even more absurdly overpowering than The Archdeacon's, I'd assume this man was a used car salesman or some shit.

But I know that the man before me could kill me quicker than I could fart so... I stay as composed as I can with an overbearing bladder and heightened nerves.

"Take a seat young lady." He beckons me over. I have no reason to refuse so I sit.

"I'm The Elder." He speaks proudly. "You're the first Reaper that I've decided to meet."

"I'm honored, my lord." As I speak I do my best to not break eye contact. It's not easy. "My name is Vaine."

"Yes I've seen your file." He looks as serious as before. "Eighteen of your years old hmm? Damn. That makes you probably the youngest one at The Citadel."

"I'll be nineteen in one of my months from now." I try not to correct him but I guess I kind of do. My insides kind of quiver at that.

"Of course of course." The Elder dismisses me rather quickly. "You are comfortable I hope?"

"Not in the slightest." I laugh lightly. I probably should have lied but I really don't give a shit right now.

"I'm sorry about that." He smiles in return. "I tend to have that effect on literally everyone. You can relax, you're not in any trouble."

"If I relaxed I'm afraid I'd urinate all over this chair right now." Why did I say that?! What the fuck is wrong with me?

"Your piss fetish is bubbling its way to the surface is it? Regardless we don't have time for that right now I'm afraid." The Elder's casual tone about something so personal to me is kind of shocking not going to lie.

"I-I didn't mean-" I blurt out, my face beet red.

"It's fine. I like to suck on toes. There. Now we both know something embarrassing about each other." He laughs, actually laughs, which actually makes me even more tense. "Regardless even so I'm only into human women Vaine, I'm not like that freaky Archdeacon, he'd fuck as many furries as he could if it didn't interfere with his work, both men and women I may add, the damn ball fondler."

What is even going on here? The Archdeacon likes anthros more than humans? Is he joking around or being serious? I really don't know. Also did he just call me a furry? I... don't know if that's an insult or not.

"Why did you invite me here my lord?" I don't try to hide my irritation, my bladder won't let me right now. I guess if I die, I die.

"Yeah I guess we may as well skip the rest of the bullshit." His face shifts into a serious gaze once again. "I wanted to talk to you about Ozaj, since you were the only one who saw him today... and survived."

Damn. I fucking knew it.

"I'm not sure what I could tell you that you haven't already read in the reports, which I'm sure Father made already." I sigh as I speak honestly.

"Even so I'd like to hear it from you. Truth be told I always feel like Father is hiding something from me, he tends to be a shady prick." The Elder insults him and I'd get more angry. But if I did I might leak a little so I hold back my emotions. "Although... in this case I actually do feel sorry for the poor bastard... even I have empathy from time to time."

I don't really want to talk but regardless I do my best to tell The Elder what happened, from my perspective. Father's ship crashed into the megastructure, Toshia saved my life by pushing me out of the debris area and died for it. My attempts at bringing Toshia back failed because his core was already shattered. I got an order and directions from Father to run, so I ran. Eventually Paisou and I fled along mostly the same path. Ozaj was being body blocked by hundreds of Sentinels at a time but even so they weren't slowing him down much. I made it safely to the evacuation pods... Paisou did not.

Rehashing all this again even though it's still fresh in my mind is absolutely brutal and I feel sick all over again. Explaining all that took about half an hour, so my body is still in a state of desperation, if not more so.

When I finish, The Elder looks at me sternly and nods.

"Did Ozaj say anything to you?"

"No."

"He didn't ask for your help, make a deal with you to spare your life in exchange for being a spy?"

"No. It's impossible for Reapers to betray The Creators, Father has several fail safes in place to ensure that we cannot harm any of you."

Our brief line of questioning already lets me know that The Elder suspected me from the beginning. I'm only getting more and more upset the longer I am here.

"Alright. Good." The Elder nods as he stands up. "I had to be certain. Because you know..."

He pauses briefly and it feels like I'm standing on a knives' edge as I stare into an endless abyss.

"... No one has escaped Ozaj's wrath for thousands of years." The Elder snaps his fingers.

Just when I think I won't get to enjoy my final wee before I die, the wall behind him rotates open like some sort of haunted house secret chamber, revealing a bound and gagged human, beaten judging from his torn clothes and the dried blood around his face. The shock of it nearly causes me to piss myself, I'm almost at my limit as my pussy begs for relief. But I cannot pee... not now...

"This self righteous motherfucker has been working with The Gray Dragoons for decades. I personally picked him up on my way here." The Elder spoke with a level of pride and charisma that I've never really heard before. "You see, even though The Baron's home planet was public knowledge... his personal castle's location was not. It'd have taken Ozaj time to explore the planet to find it and The Baron may have been able to escape during that time frame. Only two people knew it's exact coordinates. This architect fucker who built it... and The Baron himself."

"Wait architect? Wouldn't that mean that The Citadel's location is in danger too then?" I almost panic and pee a little.

"No, this piece of shit didn't work on The Citadel thankfully, he didn't even know of its existence before I brought his ass here." The Elder removes the gag from the traitor's mouth, lifts him up and slams him into the desk as it shatters into a million pieces. He coughs violently but his wounds heal fairly quickly as I back up while still sitting in the chair.

"We probably have more traitors among us sadly, this war will be just as much about spying as it is about killing." The Elder smirked. "Sounds like fun... and a huge pain in my ass."

He lifts up the bound prisoner and brings him to his knees.

"I have only ever... served you faithfully my king." The rogue Creator speaks. "Please... please don't do this."

"Shut the fuck up." His stare that could probably give anyone a heart attack is then directed at me. "I want you to kill him Vaine and prove to me that you're not his ally. You can either do that or die trying to save him. If you leave without doing either I'll end you myself."

He called him a king... what?

"I would... but Father forbid me from-"

"Father..." The Elder interrupts me. "Taught you to obey. Will you? Here you can take this knife. Don't worry, I weakened his powers severely, you should be able to easily decapitate this fucker."

"I- I don't need the knife... I'm just saying." I blurt out. "I'll do it. I assume you don't care if anything else in this room gets... trashed?"

Fuck it, I'm not getting out of this and I need to piss like a hyperactive squirrel right now. I think you all see where this is going even if The Elder does not.

He simply nods and puts the dagger away. I drag the handcuffed Creator to the chair and lay his head on it. I then take off my pants rather quickly and fold them over a nearby planted sapling as my swollen bladder feels like it's going to burst open.

"I told you to kill him Vaine... not seduce him. What the fuck you doing?" The Elder is clearly agitated, probably only have a few seconds before he blows my brains out. But that's all I need anyway.

I aim my panty covered cunt over the back of the traitor's head and say one word.

"This... fff..."

My body can't take it anymore as I activate my acidic urine and my vagina contracts and weeps as I finally give it permission to let go. A few dribbles of piss come out of my urethra and completely burn away my gray panties around my crotch almost instantly. I then force it out of me like a laser beam as I moan uncontrollably with pleasure. The Creator below my vagina begins to scream as his skin melts and peels away faster than it can heal. It's a rather disgusting and futile process honestly.

Fuck my pussy feels so good... I don't even really care if The Elder is watching. I'm letting go of nearly sixteen hours worth of pee and it feels so divine. I continue my pissy assault as the Creator's blood continues to bubble and boil around the ever expanding wound, desperately trying to hold on despite the onslaught of corrosive wee being applied to it. He continues to cry out in agony all the while as I laugh with delight. This feels amazing.

"God damn girl." The Elder chuckles. "If you didn't have a tail and a fur coated ass you may just convert me to this fucked up kink of yours."

"You can't even see my butt right now anyway..." I reply back as I look at him, my piss stream still going strong.

It doesn't take much longer for the Creator's nasty neck bone to be exposed and his annoying cries eventually stop as what little remains of his throat is filled with my burning pee. After about twenty seconds, his head is completely severed and quickly evaporating, almost as if it were made of snow. I turn off my acidic urine since he's dead as his body falls onto the floor and just continue to pee on his partially liquefied skull.

Apparently I got like four million soul points from that? Like god damn... that's pretty weak for a Creator though right? Must've been a low ranked one. For some reason my body isn't rejecting the vast amount of soul energy.

"Sorry... he's dead but I... I still have to go a lot..." I stop looking at the Elder, embarrassed now that my sexual high is kind of done and reality has set in.

He tells me I can use the bathroom across the hallway as long as I clean up after myself so I make my way there quickly, my urethra draining itself all the while and leaving a trail of my golden liquid behind. I open the door to the rather fancy bathroom and spent the next minute in a half or so peeing into a fancy toilet and just relaxing.

Afterwards I clean it up with some nearby towels, both in the bathroom and the office. I basically spend like five minutes scrubbing it up while wearing nothing but my crotch exposed underwear down there. Funny how he wants me to wipe up my piss up off of the floor but not the barf inducing quarter melted nearby. The Elder could easily look at my pussy if he wanted to. When I'm done he basically vaporizes the dirty towels along with the corpse with alchemy and I put my pants back on. His office looks restored to exactly how it was before, almost as if time itself rewound.

Guess the only evidence left is my pair of crotchless panties right now.

"That was pretty messed up." The Elder laughs. "I like you though. If ever you want to get a human body for yourself and execute more traitors that we will eventually capture... I'd be more than willing to let you do this again."

"Thanks but uhh, I think I'll stick to being a... what did you call me? A furry? Yeah that." I can't believe my conversations with him now are kind of flirty. It's less like I'm conversing with an old man and more like I'm talking to a college dropout.

"Fair enough." He can't stop smiling. Honestly I am quite relaxed now that I no longer need to pee badly and I've hopefully gotten on his good side.

We leave the room and make our way to a bar, which of course is located below the space whale aquarium glass window display.

"You want a drink before you go?" He offers me some kind of alcohol and I have no reason to refuse.

"You mind if I ask you a question my lord?" I feel brave enough to make a demand of the most powerful Creator in the galaxy, I must be nuts.

To my surprise he agrees as I take a sip of the clear blue drink. It tastes strange and strong but it's delicious and smooth.

"Why do people call you The Elder?" I say my pondering aloud because I haven't really figured out why.

"Because I'm the last of my kind." He states proudly. "The blood of the dragon flows through my veins. While every other Creator was indeed blessed by him, I am of the royal line, my power isn't loaned out to me it's my god damn birthright."

Dragon blood? Borrowed power? I... I don't quite understand but ok. I guess that's why the traitorous Creator called him a king, so that I get at least. I'm not going to pry any further.

I don't stay long anyway, I finish my drink and respectfully bow as I leave, telling The Elder to call on me again if he needs me although I really hope he doesn't.

I return to the fifth level in no time and after that exhausting and exhilarating piss I just want to go to my new apartment and sleep, which is what I planned to do.

But of course, something else happens, sure, why wouldn't it?

As I walk along a rather sparsely populated area, a young woman in pure white robes with purple trim approaches me. I can tell that she's human but her face is hidden by a hood and a mask.

"Uhm, excuse me, forgive me for bothering you madam Reaper but does your name happen to be Vaine Steele?" She speaks in a rather quiet and submissive voice.

"Yeah that's me. What do you want?" I don't bother to hide my annoyance.

"If you would please come with me, The Matriarch wishes to speak to you before you retire for your night." She bows respectfully as I click my tongue.

The Matriarch hmm? Isn't that another high ranking Creator? The fuck is going on today? I get an uneasy feeling inside of me, completely unrelated to my bladder this time. Something feels... off.

My luck has already been stretched to the limit this evening so I probably shouldn't push it. But for some reason I think I'll be safe if she tries to fight me for some reason. Either way it wouldn't be smart to ignore the summons of a Creator... and this girl would be even stupider to lure someone into a trap with such statements.

So, regardless of how I feel, I follow her back to the elevators, again. We go up to the second level and get off rather quickly. Security is tighter here but still lighter than I would expect, given how this area is where The Council makes their home. They must be confident in their strength.

Regardless weapons aren't allowed here, unlike on level five, not that I have one to wield right now anyways. This.. maiden messenger apparently doesn't have one either as she steps right through, as if the android guards trust her completely, pff. Meanwhile I'm practically getting groped as one searches around me for anything hidden but of course it doesn't find anything.

We make our way to a large rather ornate doorway. For some reason it looks like a gate to a castle keep or something and nothing like a sci-fi entryway that's literally everywhere else here. It creaks open automatically as we stand in front of it and I'm led inside. The entire area feels rather... abnormal... I guess would be the word. A faint blue fog flows naturally from an unknown source across various areas of the tiled floor. the ceiling appears to be supported by massive engraved stone pillars and purple torches are embedded into them.

It's honestly like I stepped back in time... or got sucked into a fantasy RPG or something.

Nevertheless, after about a minute in a half of just listless walking, we come to our destination.

&&

A hooded elderly crone in royal purple robes is sitting behind a rather short stone table. Around her are various monolithic crystals, that seem to be glowing and sparking with purple lightning. I'm legitimately not sure if it's real magic or if it's fake theatrics again, much like The Elder's space whale aquarium.

Look it's cool alright? That's why I keep mentioning it.

Regardless, The Matriarch beckons me over. As I step onto the platform... memories from my dream this morning come flooding back to me. Ugh. My head.

"Welcome... Child of Earth... please, sit." Her voice has power behind it and yet still manages to be somewhat relaxing.

I sit down with my legs crossed, kind of uncomfortable in these tight military pants with my bare pussy pressed against them but whatever.

"You..." My eyes are kind of betraying me right now. "I met you this morning. You were there, before the attack."

"I was and I wasn't." She speaks cryptically. "But alas let's have our conversation somewhere more secure shall we?"

***

Before I even know what's happening, I'm back in the same black forest void marsh as this morning. Also you guessed it, all my clothes are gone.

"You must really like to look at my breasts hmm?" I say in the least sexy way possible, in fact it's grumpy, very grumpy.

"You needn't say something so vulgar." The Matriarch fires back, her voice echoing throughout this space as her mouth remains closed. "This is simply the safest place we can talk, within your own mind. I am not your enemy Vaine, in fact I could be your closest ally."

This shit again huh?

"You saw Ozaj this morning, however briefly... and you even managed to meet The Archdeacon and The Elder as well." The Matriarch continues. "You've had quite the day. You may not yet realize how impressive it is that you encountered these three individuals in so short a time but you will relatively soon."

"Quite the day is an understatement." I cross my arms in annoyance. "That's why I didn't want to come here, I'm fucking exhausted both emotionally and physically. What is it you want?"

"It's simple." The Matriarch smiles. "My desire is to help you, as I stated this morning... and to end this terrible and bitter rivalry that has plagued us for millennia."

"I get that you want to end the war." I reply coldly. "And we agree on that. As for helping me... I smell that bullshit from miles away. You just want me within arms reach, much like The Elder does."

"Whether you believe me or not it doesn't change the facts." The Matriarch sounds like she's scolding a child. "The Elder has taken a great interest in you, which I've got to say is quite rare for him. And you've got The Archdeacon who's studying your every move and ready to pounce on any mistake that you and the rest of the other Reapers may make. Not to mention the other members of The Council who are also watching you from the shadows."

"I get it." I sigh. "Father already explained to us how strained the relationships are between many Creators. I just want justice for Toshia and Paisou... so that they didn't die in fucking vain. I want Ozaj's head on a damn platter."

"A reasonable desire." The Matriarch's voice fills the air. "There's a long list of Creator's who want Ozaj dead as well, including Father. I can put everything I have at your disposal to ensure that you're the one to slay him, if you will swear a sacred oath to me and my family."

"A sacred oath? Really?" I can't help but laugh. "What are you a devil in disguise? Why don't you just have me sign a shady contract with my blood or something?"

"I am only a demon to those whom I consider to be... untrustworthy." I can feel The Matriarch glare at me, but compared to The Elder's intense aura, it just kind of tickles by comparison. "Are you really going to deny yourself this opportunity?"

"Hmm... let me think about it..." I say sarcastically as I let out a huge fart, although since we're in a space created by my mind I don't think it's a real one. "Yes. I am denying your oath binding baloney. I've already sworn myself to be Father's shield and sword, like every other Reaper."

"You don't have an ounce of respect for the elderly? How disappointing." The Matriarch's tone shifts to one of displeasure. "You will regret this."

"My respect is earned, it's not given." I retort. "I'll obey you like any other Creator, provided it doesn't go against Father's wishes. But I don't need your help. I don't need go to a psychic therapist once a week and discuss my feelings."

"We shall see." She replies bitterly. "If you should change your mind I will always be glad to accept you into my fold, even if you are a rude little girl."

"So? We done here?" I tilt my head. "I'd like to go now... how do we-"

***

"-get out? Oh." I look around to see the creepy temple around me again as I stand up. "Well, later then."

"By ignoring me you've set yourself down a cruel path of fate child." I can't tell if The Matriarch is trying to be crass or sympathetic. "Beware of the dark one. If you don't heed this warning it may be very well impossible for you to survive."

"Fate is a crutch used by those who are too weak to carve their own path in life." I try not to sneer at her. "And beware of the dark one? Got it... I will avoid satanic music just like I have my whole life. Oh wait..."

She probably doesn't understand what I'm talking about but regardless, I leave quickly after that, I have no more to say after all. A sacred oath huh? What bullshit. What makes The Creators think that anyone of us will stop serving Father and exclusively join their camp?

I don't know what's ahead for me. But I do know that if The Creator's don't stay united against The Gray Dragoons... this will be a very difficult war. Even someone like me, who has literally no experience in galactic conflict, can clearly see that.

Maybe that's part of Ozaj's plan... to sow seeds of discontent among The Creators to make us all easier to take down. I will do everything in my power to make sure that doesn't happen but even so, I feel like a small fish in a very very large pond. I will just put my complete faith in Father, that's all I can do.

But for now, I've finally reached my apartment building, I guess you'd call it. Only Reapers live here apparently... so like seventy percent of it is empty, for now. I'm sure Father will recruit more of us once the war goes more in our favor although who knows when that'll happen.

Regardless, my apartment number is 313, not that it matters. I enter it and it's... basically what I expected. It's bland, without a hint of personality. My bed sheets, pillow sheets, shudders, walls and floor are all black, same as everything else in here. Oh and I have a dresser/cabinet thing too. Oh and a desk.

Ontop of it is something that's not black... surprising but... it's just a bunch of drawing paper, with a box of sketch pencils beside it. I guess I never really mentioned it before, chalk it up to not being that important, but back when I was just a regular anthro I loved to draw. I was never very good at it mind you, hands are so damn difficult, but even so it was a hobby of mine that I had.

I kinda got back into it during my hacking training, as I felt that working with my fingers helped both my drawing and hacking skills, if only a little. Yeah I made the fingering sex joke last month I'm too tired to do it again. Ahem... anyway...

Hannes left a written note with it. Guess that means he has security access to all our rooms. Makes sense since he's literally a Reaper administrator here but still, kind of creepy.

Hey Vaine,
 
I met with Sorcha today and she told me hat you like to draw, so I thought I'd make you this. It's not much but I hope it can give you some moments of peace during this difficult time. I truly wish I was able to meet Toshia and Paisou.

I offer you my sincere condolences.

We will get him.

~ Hannes Wyrmskoll

It's such a short letter but I cry a little bit while reading it. Makes me feel bad for kinda being secretly mean to him. Regardless... I think I'll sketch something before bed. For now though, I check out what's in my cabinet.

Six more sets of military uniforms, three extra pairs of combat boots, six pairs of basic underwear, and four sets of bed sheets and pillow sheets. Oh and there's an empty metallic circular laundry basket beside the boots at the bottom, made of a dark silver metal. The military uniforms are hanging up on hangers, while the sheets are neatly folded in a small square shelf beside it. The dresser drawer part of the cabinet, below where the boots sit, is where my black shirts and gray panties and bras are.

I don't know why I'm giving a detailed description of all that's in here but regardless, now you know, you are welcome.

I take my boots I've worn all day and set them next to the inside part of the entryway, before putting my military jacket, shirt and pants into the laundry bin. I take off my bra and scorched crotchless panties and put them onto the table. I spend the next probably half hour cleaning them and then converting them into a pair of blue underwear. Although the panties have to basically be a thong to make up for the loss of crotch material. They're not a super thin G-String of course but like almost half of my butt will hang out now when I wear these.

After that's done I fold them up and put them away, and I spend the next ten minutes or so converting a standard pair of dull gray undies to pure white ones.

Now, those who are shrewd may have already realized that these colors are indeed.. the same one's as Paisou's and Toshia's fur, most of it anyway. Is it very silly and stupid to make tribute panties based on the colors of my dead lovers pubic hair? Maybe... but I wanted to do it.

It'll give me slightly more underwear variety while at The Citadel at least... not that anyone will care... unless they see it before we fuck.

Regardless, I put the freshly made virgin colored panties away and begin to draw. I spend hours sketching it I think but I really wanted to do this before I went to bed. I'm not really sleepy just exhausted. Does that make any sense to anyone but me? Don't know, don't care.

Despite that I drew something that makes me smile so... it's worth it.

&&

Yeah I forgot to give Paisou hair and his hands are abit wonky and Toshia's head is slightly too big but-

Look... drawing is hard ok? Piss off.

Speaking of piss, I go into my almost all black bathroom and urinate into the toilet for about forty seconds. It feels nice and makes me horny. I should feel bad about feeling like this on a day like today but... whatever, again I don't care too much. Maybe that's a bad thing but it is what it is.

After a normal and calm pee I brush my teeth and get into the shower. Wiping all the stress and sweat from my body feels so nice, even though I've already showered twice today.

Nothing much else happens, I get out after a few minutes, dry myself off with a towel, I have three large ones and four washcloths by the way, then I toss it into the laundry bin without much thought. As I close my cabinet door and am about to shut my shutters and lights off before bed, I hear a knock at my door.

I don't really care who it is so I open the door while naked. Is it someone I know? Is it a rapist? It's Axel. He blushes slightly at seeing me but regardless he quickly looks up. Aww no getting raped tonight, sad.

"Hey Vaine." He scratches his head. "Just wanted to check in on you. How're you doing?"

"I'm ok... considering the circumstances." I feel my body grow hot as he looks at me. "Do... do you wanna spend the night here?"

I regret asking that as soon as I say it.

"Sorry... I shouldn't have said that." I look away feeling guilty. "I know you have Eris now I just-"

"I get it, we're both beautiful people Vaine." He laughs it off. "Eris and I may decide to come for a... visit like that soon, but only if she's comfortable with it."

"Understandable." I nod.

I step away from the door for a second and show Axel the picture I drew of Toshia and Paisou.

"This is really nice Vaine... thanks for showing me." Axel almost gets emotional as he hands it back to me.

"Thank you. I'll try to print off a copy for everyone... if something like that exists here. I'm sure it does... maybe." I ramble on a bit.

"Anyway I'm glad you're... hanging in there. I just wanted to let you know that you can rely on me if you need anything. Don't hesitate to contact me at any time on the ReaperChat app. I'm going to train really fucking hard... and smash Ozaj's face to pieces when I get the chance. I will not let this go until he's fucking dead."

"Thanks Axel... really. That means a lot." I manage to smile for probably the first time today, one that wasn't forced on me.

"Did... Paisou say anything to you? Before the end?" He inquires.

"No. It all happened too quickly." I frown again. "Ozaj did say one thing though... but not to me."

"What did he say?" Axel gets a serious look on his face.

"He said..." I stop for a moment, then look him in the eyes.

"I'm sorry that this happened to you."

*087*2024-01-09 10:23

*huff huff*

Hey everyone lol. I did it, it's finally out. I didn't want to release such a dark chapter during Christmas time but alas, I got this out a week later than intended. Seems to be the norm with me though lol. Regardless I have a lot to say so let's get to it shall we?

First of all, some of you may be asking, what the frick is up with that name?! Ozaj? How the bloody hell do you pronounce that? Well... funny story actually... and this is true, I was randomly urinating one day and I was making random noises with my mouth, as you usually do. And I said something... that I could describe as cool.

If ya'll know that famous building in India called the Taj Mahal, you may have already figured out how to pronounce it. It's like Taj but with an Ah sound instead of a Ta sound lol. The result is a rather unique name for a badass character, whom I came up with last summer but didn't have a name until then, which was around October of last year. So yeah, now you know. xD

But yeah.. Act II... the war arc finally begins. Initially this wasn't going to be a part of the story but then I thought it fit in perfectly and I started to plan this out a long while ago. Back when I originally made The Council for Interlude 1, I didn't think much of them. Just made them look unique and moved on. But since then they've sort of developed in my mind and I'm quite happy with the results.

I'm sorry if this chapter is mostly just sitting around and talking, you're not wrong lol. Normally I wouldn't be so exposition heavy in a single chapter and there's more players in this game than just the few I highlighted in this chapter. Nevertheless I felt that brief introductions were necessary.

I love how The Elder was introduced and the subversion of expectations. Like he's so young for such a... elderly name lol. You may already see who he's inspired by but I've tried to make my own small twists to him to make the character my own, nevertheless he's a blast to write for.

The Archdeacon as well is a great character by design although he's not really developed yet, least not stuff that's been written down. He's, as Vaine said in the chapter, a cult leader, and the second strongest Creator in terms of power level. When I made him have long black hair and red robes in Interlude 1 I didn't intentionally make an evil twin version of Jesus Christ but alas here we are rofl. I hope you enjoy the Dark Souls/Resident Evil vibes that I will soon incorporate into his character.

Lastly... The Matriarch. I admit this character is probably the least exciting from an outside perspective and I struggled with the conversations between her and Vaine. Nevertheless she really is important to Act II, even if it doesn't seem like it yet.

But yeah, I promise the next chapter won't be so dialogue heavy. It will have a bunch more exposition yes but not to spoil stuff, Vaine will go on her first mission, which may last more than one chapter but we'll see. Most of that will be the introduction of new Reapers that the reader hasn't met, namely Kastor. And Carrots but he's a secret character so we don't wanna talk about him yet.

Regardless... the last thing I should probably talk about... is Toshia and Paisou. The start of this chapter was so hard to write, no author enjoys killing off named characters but alas that's the kind of story this is, one with consequences, even if it is just plain bad luck.

I realize doing what I did will probably cause a few of my readers to lose interest, especially if those are your favorite characters besides Vaine, but alas whatever happens will happen and we press forward. This is a story where people come and go a lot so yeah. I legit teared up when I made the picture of Toshia and Paisou. It's not perfect... but Midjourney is getting so good at giving you what you want and it's only getting better.

In conclusion, the prologue is done... time for the first "real" arc of the story... it's going to be a bloodbath so I hope ya'll will enjoy it. Or not, up to you lol.

*089*2024-01-21 05:11

{{10 hours ago, orangelion said:

I just got around to reading this because I was busy for the past week. Even though there isn't there isn't much action of both the combat variety and pissing variety, the introduction to a new world and characters kept me entertained. It makes me excited for the next chapters.

}}

Yeah it didn't really feel right to include any sex scenes in this chapter, given it's subject matter. I even hesitated to put in the scene where she kills The Creator with wee but it fit so I kept it in lol.

*091*2024-01-22 23:07

{{2 hours ago, orangelion said:

I really enjoyed that scene and thought it fit just fine. I was wondering when she was going to use her acid pee again since she had only used it once before this point, unless I'm failing to remember another instance.

}}

Once that I've written about yeah.

*093*2024-01-26 11:08

{{On 1/24/2024 at 10:26 PM, poofball said:

😮 best death by pee. You must have a omega huge writing doc packed with CONTENT!!!

}}

You’ve read about another death with pee? Lol. 

And yeah you’re not wrong, I have a big document to keep track of important small details in the background as well as basic synopsizes for planned stuff.

I’ve had Act II planned out for months so it’s nice to actually get started on it.

And Vaine’s overall story has been taking up free rent space in my noggin for years so xD.

Although, besides the prologue, Reaper/Creator lore and Father, none of this was in my head back then so it’s great to see this all play out, even for me lol.

*094*2024-02-18 04:17

Heya all I just wanted to give you a quick update.

These past couple weeks have been rough for me irl, not to get too personal but a family member's health was in serious jeopardy and I wasn't sure if they would still be with us at this moment in time. Thankfully they recovered, everything is fine but it was a really stressful ordeal.

As such, I didn't really have the time or right mindset to write very much. I'm a slow enough writer as is so lol. I'm about 80% done the next chapter, it may be a shorter one than usual but we shall see I guess. I'll try to have it out by the end of the month... assuming that life doesn't keep throwing curveballs at my face lol.

Anyway stay safe all and stay pissy.

~Vaine Steele

*095*2024-03-10 08:38

Chapter 17: New Horizons, Forbidden Fruits

~~19th year, 1st day, 10th hour~~

I take a moment to yawn and stretch my arms up above my head. I've been sitting down for nearly twelve hours straight, at a command center computer here at The Citadel. It's probably not very healthy thing to do but whatever. The blinding glare of the screen hits my eyes at an awkward angle, causing me to rub them in annoyance. I'm just one of many soldiers assigned to desk duty on level five.

Man technically I am nineteen years old today, in Earth years anyway. I'll keep track of my days in Earth time for you guys but for me, who's been living in space for the last month, it doesn't really matter all that much.

Man it really has been a month already...

I can't really say it's been the most interesting thirty days of my life. In fact it's kind of just flown by. Axel, Jason and Sorcha have gone on like four or five missions so far, while Eris and me haven't even left the station yet. I guess that shows you that Father isn't all that confident in my abilities. Can't say I blame him but still, it kind of sucks.

Most days I'm just organizing and categorizing parts of the vast amounts of data into The Creator's archives that come in from an innumerable amount of intergalactic sources. If I'm lucky though I'll actually have days where I have free reign to investigate shit on my own and try to find something, anything, that The Creators can use against The Gray Dragoons.

Such work shifts are rare though, not that I've personally found anything useful anyway. Life is kinda hard to live when it feels like nothing you do is really changing anything.

But regardless sex is always fun... and honestly it's been the best distraction while living here so far. I've met a bunch of Reapers who I'm friendly with and even a few non-Reaper soldiers who are... fine. Yeah there's some asshole Reapers and plenty of jerkwad comrades around here but I do my best to stick with ones who won't be downright nasty to me.

But yeah nothing much has really happened. I wish I could say that something has changed but regardless, my personal shift is done for now. So I get up and stretch my legs and feel my bladder complaining to me. I have to hold back a horny smile as I walk to the nearest bathroom, which will take about ten minutes, that shit is far away.

So I guess I'll spend that time explaining a few things.

First of all, me and Sorcha, while we technically haven't broken up, we haven't spoken much... since that day. She became deeply depressed and distant after Toshia's death, I think she cared about him way more than I could have known. We haven't slept together since either.

I don't blame her though I'm just going to give her time. And I guess if our relationship is over... well it's just over. Shit happens. Being sad about it now won't change anything, I've had plenty of time for that these last few weeks. As far as I know though, Eris and Axel's relationship is still going strong, even if it's long distance most of the time. Axel is still back at The Citadel at least once or twice a week though, so I assume they spend that time together getting freaky with it.

Lastly, Jason. Yeah I have like nothing to say about him, sorry. He hasn't said a word to me since we've been here and I barely see him. Whenever I do he looks angry and miserable. I understand why but... it's not my problem anymore. Besides I've seen him hang around with "his boys" and laugh and smile with them, so it's likely that he's just trying to move on in his own way.

I think... it's just painful for most of us to be together. Axel and I are still friends but we really only text. I've had dinner with Eris and him a few times but in general our relationship is more of a formality, at least it seems that way on the surface.

I could mention my new friends and lovers right now but I'll get to them later I'm sure.

For now, before I enjoy a nice long piss let me tell you about one more thing that I will really only address once. As I said earlier I'll be tracking my days based off of Earth's solar calendar, even though it's completely meaningless except for the fact that my body is still on a twenty four hour cycle, more or less. There is some variations of course, it's impossible for me to stay completely on track but regardless I work in twelve hour shifts and try my best to keep them twelve hours apart.

But for those who are too damn curious, here we go. A year on The Citadel is ten months, two weeks in each month, ten days in each week and fifty hours in each day.

Yeah. Try keeping track of that in your head nerds. The Creators really like the number ten I guess... and twenty and fifty. Nice round numbers.

Thanks doc.

But yeah that means that one year on The Citadel is 1.141 Earth years or a single Earth year is 87.6% of a Citadel year. Confused yet? Me neither.

So yeah it's just much easier for everyone if I keep track of time in a way that we're all familiar with, instead of trying to constantly convert shit to turds and turds to shit.

Speaking of shit, I enter the public bathroom and surprise surprise, it smells. Dumps are constantly being taken in here after all, except for the one hour a day when it is closed. It's open for forty nine hours straight though, afterwhich the androids clean up in here for an hour and unlock it again. The bathroom design is identical to the ones I've been used to in the megastructure, except these ones are like... twenty times bigger. With like forty sitting toilets and forty urinals inside, along with some sinks and mirrors along one wall.

There's no toilet paper here by the way, apparently once one is done pooping, with the press of a button a tentacle like thing comes out from behind the toilet seat, cleans the crap off of your butt with water and sucks the remainder of it out of your anal colon like a vacuum cleaner and washes you out like some kinda fucked up sci-fi parasitic worm that barfs water up your ass just to suck it inside itself once again.

If that detailed run on sentence was gross I apologize but that's literally what they do. Not that I'd know... I've not used my personal one in my apartment as an aid for masturbating... no never.

But yeah, point is, it kind of blows in here... but it's the kind of sucky you get used to... like using the toilet at a public mall or I don't know, a football stadium.

Anyway, a nearby urinal is open, so I don't waste any time in dropping my military pants and gray panties and enjoying a warm soothing piss. Yellow fluid shoots out of my urethra as I thrust my hips forward and I can't help but smile... always feels so nice as my bladder starts to empty itself.

I've stopped caring about the countless stares I get, I'm sure hundreds of anthros and humans and whatever else have seen my butt by now. I've seen other females do this too but it's not very common.

I force the urine out of me harder as I subtly place my left hand on my asscheek and open it just a smidge, the exhibitionist side of me hopes that someone looks at me and sees my cute butthole. I am... needlessly horny today, even though I just had sex a few days ago. If it weren't for the unpleasant stench in here I'd probably touch myself most days not going to lie.

Regardless after my nice nearly daily mini-exhibitionist session, I pull up my pants, wash my hands and leave the bathroom. I make my way towards the public showers which are basically bath houses that you'd find on Earth, only more perverted. Once inside I strip down naked and put my dirty clothes inside a capsule that goes into a tube. It's sent to my room via some kinda transport system, I don't fully understand how it works either but yeah there's an exit to said tube in my cabinet that drops them directly into my laundry basket. Yeah I still have to wash them myself... although here at the public showers we get to use towels that we don't have to clean ourselves so... that's mostly why I freshen myself up here.

Well that and I love the attention too. I've had sex in here more than a few times, almost every time I go in here there is usually some couple going at it. Last week there was a full blown orgy in here, that was fun.

Regardless nothing much happens, I tease myself a tad, smile at some human wanking off to me soaping my ass and clean myself up pretty quickly. I dry myself off with a free towel and open my pre-registered tube again. We have to deposit our own clean clothing in here that we want to wear after our showers. Today just happens to be a day when I'll wear my white bra and panties that I handcrafted, well alchemy crafted I mean to say.

I usually have like three sets of undies stored here at any one time, since I've not been on a mission to some random planet yet I really haven't had the opportunity to craft more of them, which I'd like to do... if I ever go on an assignment. But yeah here at The Citadel there is very little that I could deconstruct atomically without getting accusatory glares cast onto me. I could go to the trash area on level seven, but security there is fairly tight and it'd be embarrassing to say that my reason for going there would be to make extra panties for myself. So yeah I haven't done that.

I head home in naught but my underwear, which is common these days, and make my inside my apartment building. I only experience a few casual glances thrown my way today. I head to the top floor by taking the stairs and enter the small gym here. There's also a pool and a rec room of sorts on this floor, along with a few vending machines, all of which are free to use and are usually stocked fairly well, mostly with sports drinks and such. I've seen the autonomous drone that comes to fill it a couple of times, something even more low tech than the androids around here. Despite that I don't really pay much attention to it as I get a yellow tinted drink from the vendor.

It's not urine I swear... really its not.

Anyway, it's nice to work out here because usually it's fairly empty and I can concentrate, only Reapers have a reason to use this place after all. When compared to the much bigger public places on the level, this area is just chill and more private. Before I begin I do some light stretching, remember kids that's important.

I spend about thirty minutes on the treadmill and another twenty lifting weights. There is a dialed panel inside the room, for adjusting the artificial gravity. It can go up to 30G but I've never seen it that high, I couldn't even come close to walking in here if that setting was active. I just keep it at the normal zone though, which is about 1.5G.

After drinking half of my sci-fi pissorade I get onto an exercise bike and start to pedal. Damn the seat is really massaging my pussy in all the right places. I can't help but rub my covered muff on it sensually and sigh deeply. I need it bad right now. If this keeps up for too long I'll probably stop exercising and just full on masturbate.

Almost as if the sexual gods are answering my horny prayers, a Reaper walks into the gym about five minutes later, one whom I've met a few times.

He's a mostly red feathered bird anthro with short pink hair and black feathers on his arms and... other private places. He's also built like a truck and fairly tall, I'd put him at around 5'11" or so. My sweaty panty-covered ass is there to greet him as I turn my head to the side and smile.

"Hey Angel. You're done your shift too hmm?" The arousal in my voice is clear.

"Sup Vaine? Haven't seen you for... about ten days." His tone is relaxed as he oogles at me.

"Yeah... our schedules just don't line up well I guess." I face forward again and keep pedaling, being sure to give him a show as I lift my ass off of the seat. "I turned nineteen today by the way."

My pussylips are clinging to my panties and leaking, his fixated gaze on my lush backside pushes my libido into a frenzy. My undies feel like they're tighter than usual and it's making me go insane as I feel my nipples stiffen.

"Awesome!" He laughs lately. "We should go out to a bar to celebrate!"

"You know that's not really my style." I brush him off lightly in response. "But I do know another way that we could do so..."

I pull my white panties down slightly, just enough so that he can see about an inch or two of my buttcrack and I keep pedaling lewdly.

I don't have to turn around as I know he's already there close behind me, staring at my tushy like it's sent from the heavens as my tail swishes around his abdomen. I giggle a bit, my pedaling slows down for a moment as I feel his large talon tipped hands cup my buttcheeks from underneath and give them a rough squeeze.

"Damn, your panties are so sexy." I can feel his hot breath on the back of my neck and we've not even really begun.

I smile devilishly as I keep my legs moving, his groping doesn't let up as I feel my cunt dampen and heat up even more. Did I mention he loves to toy with my ass? No? Kay.

"Mmmm, thanks. Yeah I... made them to remember a friend of mine." I turn my head to the side and give him a sarcastic pout. "But enough about them... ahh... yeah right there."

He stops playing with my ass after about a minute, afterwhich we move onto the next stage. He slides his hand into the back my panties and begins to finger my anus. I tighten it as much as possible around his digit, I can literally feel his elevated pulse through his finger. He makes small circular motions in and around my asshole that cause me to shudder with delight. His talon feels too good...

I let out a moan and a giggle. "Ahh fuck... you know exactly where I like it..."

He gives me a silly horny grin in response. "I have an extra hour to kill before my next shift starts. We can take this nice and slow."

My pussy shudders and loosens a bit after that, if I wasn't leaking girlcum before I sure am now.

"Haha yeah... that sounds fun." I laugh lightly, trying my best to sound composed, even though my head is in the clouds.

I finally take my hands off of the handle bars and sit down as best as I can with his finger still probing my anal cavity. He's standing so close behind me now that I can reach his privates without turning around, so I start rubbing his bird cock through his boxers.

"Oooh yesss..." He groans in my ear.

My pussy clenches involuntarily at the sound of his voice and I rock my hips back and forth, doing my best to move rhythmically with his anal fingering. I feel like I'm going to explode, every nerve in my lower body is on fire as he wraps his free arm around my underboobs and continues his consensual sexual assault on my dump truck's entrance.

"Damn you're nice and sweaty... just how I like you." Angel teases as he pecks at my ear roughly.

I respond by tightening my grip on his dick through his underwear and the effect is immediate as it hardens even more and tents against the fabric. I feel my panties become completely soaked and cling tightly to my vagina as his finger continues to plunge in and out of my asshole. I can feel his cock growing longer and firmer in my grasp as my heart races even quicker. My blood is boiling in the best possible way right now.

"I think your... birdhood is ready to fill my tank." I try to make a corny joke but as always it's probably just cringe-inducing instead.

He simply laughs as he pulls off his boxers while I take off my bra. With my back to him I slide my panties to the side, every part of my agape pulsing asshole is completely exposed to him. I lick my lips erotically and smile at him again, making sure my asscheeks are spread as far apart as possible with one hand.

"You are so damn horny Vaine." He says as his impressive erection rests between my asscheeks.

"I'm young and sexually active, sue me." I giggle as he pushes the head of his red cock into my black butthole.

"I can see that." He grunts as his penis slips deeper into me, my bowel's muscles clench around him tightly and I can't help but let out a squeal of pleasure.

My head spins a bit as he fully enters me, his entire seven inch long johnson buries itself in my rectum. My covered cunt spasms involuntarily against the bike seat as his balls press up against my puckered anus. My slit is constricted within my panties tightly as it continues to let me know how much I'm enjoying this.

I grab the handle bars of the bike and lean back against him. His arms wrap around my torso as he grabs ahold of the bike with me, my hands are in his and I feel the leathery yet soft texture of his palms.

He starts off slow, his hips thrust forward and back with the utmost precision as I feel his hard shaft rhythmically massage the inner walls of my anal cavity. Each time he thrusts in and out my entire lower body aches with pleasure. His dick is exactly what I needed today.

"Oh Angel, you're so fucking big... yes right there! Hahhaa..." My words come out as whines as I feel his entire cock sending shockwaves of pleasure throughout my backside.

He doesn't reply, instead he just keeps going. His hands are on top of mine, so he can have full control of our buttfucking session. He squeezes them harder as he thrusts a little faster into me, his hips and crotch meet the back of my ass in the most perfect way, his balls slap against my drenched panties, spreading my girlcum down there and sending tingles through my whole body.

Fuck this feels too amazing.

He moans lightly as I continue to hold onto the handlebars and feel his warm ragged breath on my shoulder. After every deep repeated insertion, my asshole feels more and more pleased. Just when I think he's anally probed every corner of my rectum I'm reminded of how wrong I am as different nerves get triggered with each thrust.

"Mmm that's so good... fuck... keep it up like that.." I encourage him.

He chuckles a bit in response, the feeling of his cock inside of my sensitive butt is driving me insane. I can feel a familiar force build up in my loins and I know it's not going to be long before I cum.

"Mmm fuck... I'm... close." My breathing is quick and shallow, my heart is beating so fast that it almost hurts.

"Me too..." He pants as his cock throbs and pulses in my asshole.

My pussy shudders violently, like a volcano ready to erupt in my loins...

"Haaaaaahh!!"

My body convulses and shakes, my toes curl, my asshole clenches even tighter around his dick and I throw my head back into his chest, a massive moan escapes my lips as I shoot out torrents of girlcum from my cunt and my panties become thoroughly wet from muff to ass as I leak vaginal fluid everywhere. Seconds later, I feel waves and waves of his steaming sperm filling my bowels, he thrusts into me harder and harder, trying to push himself deeper inside of me as he groans loudly and climaxes.

Feeling his hot jizz bubble and spread through my butthole is one of the best things about anal sex... along with everything else of course.

My orgasmic high lasts for about fifteen seconds before we both start to chill while still breathing heavily. He pulls out of me and his seed starts to leak out, as the aftershocks of my own enflamed libido slowly dissipates. I force it out of me and it comes out quicker with sounds equivalent to a series of wet farts accompanying it. I only do so because I know he likes it.

"Your butt squeaks are so cute." He laughs unironically.

"You're as weird as ever." I smile back as I drink the other half of my urine tinted sports drink.

"Aren't we all?" He says as he picks up his boxers.

After a few more minutes we clean up after ourselves and I put my dirty underwear in my apartment, before heading back out into the hallway naked. Angel asks if we want to hang out for about half an hour but I decline, saying that I have to finish my gym routine. Which is true but kinda silly I know, sex is enough of a workout.

What? You want me to describe Angel to you more? Uhh... to be fair I really don't know much about him, he's really just a sexfriend and not much else. He was a famous athlete on his homeworld before he became a Reaper, he lived during a time that was similar to the 1980's on Earth. I'm not sure what more you want from me. If I get to know him more sometime... I'll share it but... not to be rude he's not that important to me at all.

Regardless, I spend more time on the bike, before finishing my workout with some squats and leg lifting. If anyone else came in here right now they'd see everything. Not that I'd mind.

My workout session ends without another romantic encounter however and I head to the pool to relax. I swim for about twenty minutes before I rest on one of the few deckchairs. Once I'm fairly dry I head to the lounge, which is basically just a room with a couch and a big TV on it.

Well it's not a TV, it's way more advanced than one, but it's just much easier to call it that. It has data from every single world that Father got Reaper's from, like every form of digital entertainment that existed or that he could get ahold of. If the movie or show didn't have a digital copy or if it was very rare and only in physical form yeah it's probably not there. It's not a complete list but it's as close as one can get.

Also if said planet was too primitive for TV or audio recording technology, well obviously they'd not be in the menu. It's also convoluted and annoying to navigate really. Like for me, I have to select Earth, then specify the country, followed by the media type and genre and then the year or decade after that. Only then am I given a list of things to watch or listen to.

Yeah I've been bored enough to watch a few random things from other planets but I haven't really enjoyed doing that, so I almost always pick something from Earth.

... I'm ranting really hard about a digital TV guide hmm? Yeah... I probably should stop. The only good thing about it is that it's all voice and motion control activated, with a remote control it'd be hellish.

Anyway, I watch a random Korean reality competition show about people getting "married" (and divorced) while going head to head against each other in various challenges involving cooking and sports. It's a really random and chaotic show and I only picked it because it was rated for "adults only" and the only nudity in it is butts, so lame.

I mean yes I love asses but when it's the only thing nice to look at when there's so much more they could show the audience is just blech. After I'm bored of watching tushies, I head home to pee since I'm forbidden do so on the couch... and then go to bed.

This is a fairly normal day here at The Citadel. I'm not forgetting how nice the megastructure was before all of this... but I'm adjusting to life here.

Even if it's a mostly boring one.

...

I miss Japanese cuisine. And my friends. But mostly the food. I'm kidding relax... geez.

Ok bye.

~~19th year, 68th day, 7th hour~~

Well… shit. Something significant actually happened today. Shocking I know. Let me back up though.

I woke up, peed in the shower, brushed my teeth-

Okay that’s too far back, move it forward a tad. It was about an hour before my lunch break, I was sitting at my work computer as usual when I actually found something in the data that I was combing through. After a couple months of tedious sifting through digital mountains of sand I finally found some gold specks, so to speak.

Okay maybe not gold it is probably bronze or something but still, better than nothing. I even double and then triple checked just to be sure. I found someone who is ranked 28th on the Creator’s most wanted list. Father thought it was important as well and so, within the hour I found myself about to give a briefing to five of my fellow allies, as well as four big shot Creators.

I’m nervous as fuck. Why do I have to be the one to give a damn public speech on such short notice?! And why are two other Reapers here… plus three other random servants of other Creators? I didn’t know but I just came here as I was ordered to.

The six of us are all standing in a row in a medium sized circular room. Several large monitors are scattered about on the walls and the four elevated Creators before us are sitting behind a single large curved podium of sorts. Father, The Archdeacon, The Matriarch and some gravely pale, thin lady called The Nightwalker are all staring at us.

Yeah she looks like a stereotypical vampire mistress ok? I really don’t care to describe her much beyond that. She’s not important at all anyway… maybe. I’m sure I’ll get to describing my comrades in here soon but for now, Father speaks up.

“Now that we’re all here, I’d like you to disclose what you told me to those of us gathered in this hall.” Father's words carry a huge weight of authority as I take a few steps forward.

“Yes my lords… and ladies.” I hesitate for a moment as I pull out my micro tablet from my side pocket that I carry with me almost all the time now.

“The data cache from the outer sector 43-815b was relayed to The Citadel’s servers eighty nine hours ago.” I begin speaking as clearly as I can. “As I was manually going through the massive amount of gathered intel I found something of significance in the Galletron Five Star System.”

I press a few buttons on my tablet and someone’s ugly facehole gets displayed on the monitors.

“Ronzey Goldenfloc, former husband to one of The Nine, wanted for the plethora of Gray Dragoon information that he undoubtedly possesses. He’s ranked 28th on our most wanted list of targets. Even after his marriage broke down he still kept in contact with one of The Gray Dragoon's leaders, according to our older records at least.”

My tone conveys an aura of disinterest but I don’t really care to hide my feelings, I already explained this once after all. I play a muted video that shows a political campaign ad that was broadcast on his present home planet. He ran for the president of this backwater world like twenty years ago and won, ruling still as a power hungry dictator. Aside from his clean hair and lack of an eye patch, it’s easy to see that he is indeed the same wretched human from his mug shot on our hit list.

“About… sixty-ish years ago he was a the CEO of a mega-corporation that turned this hellish desert wasteland of a planet into something that could be considered livable. His government owns, operates and regulates twenty three large cities across the surface and its been used as a spaceport for the galactic alliance in the sector since then.”

I stop for a moment, I’ve said basically all I need to say… just the bare minimum of information that I uncovered. I wanna uncover my butt and piss hard right about now just to relieve the pressure in my chest, this is stressful. Public speaking is definitely not my forte.

"This is a chance that we cannot fail to take." The Archdeacon starts his statement like an emotionless drone and not with his usual charismatic prophet voice. "The six of you will go to Galletron Five's inhabited world and retrieve him. This must be done with the upmost discretion, we don't have the manpower necessary right now to take on another galactic alliance in the middle of this war."

Kay.

...

Wait what?! Hold on... the six... of us... does that mean I'm going?! On a mission?! For the first time?!

I'm sure the shock is plastered all over my face but before I have the chance to respond, someone carries on the conversation.

"With all do respect my lord," A tall black deer cloaked in shadow talks with a rather calming yet unsettling voice. "How can we be sure that this... Ronzey fellow actually has anything of use to us?"

"Because we know the kind of man he is." Father replies. "He's been sympathetic towards The Gray Dragoons... misguided sense of justice for centuries in the past. I have no doubt he's still in contact with someone who we can use to get a foothold in this conflict, perhaps that's even still his ex-wife."

"Yes." The Nightwalker's tone is as cold as one would expect. "I have no doubt... that rotten man is like a snake waiting for the opportune moment to strike. If we spook him he'll go even deeper into his refuse plastered nest. We only have one shot at this, which is why this assignment must be treated with the upmost discretion."

"Forgive me Father." The dark cervine kneels on the ground. "I spoke too rashly."

The Nightwalker sneers at him, we all see it but Father simply smiles and I have to hold back a laugh. Even the badass looking stag Reaper wants nothing to do with her as he completely ignores her. Regardless I feel like I have to speak up about something else.

"I'd also like to say that... are you sure I'm right fit for this mission?" I sound kind of shy for the first time since coming into this room I don't know what the fuck is wrong with me but I had to ask.

"You're the one who found this valuable information that would have slipped by us otherwise." The Archdeacon compliments me and I feel weird. "Besides, your computer skills will be of use for this task, you are the fourth best hacker among The Citadel's legion after all."

"Wait I am?" I blurt out. I'm surprised again but try to hide it.

"Indeed." Father elaborates. "You get more work done per hour in the army command center than almost anyone else. You should be proud. I have no doubt that this is the perfect first mission for you."

"Thank you Father." I have to hold back tears of joy to be honest.

I'm... actually good at something? I'm not completely worthless? My heart and world just got a whole lot lighter. These past few months I thought I was stuck here because I didn't stand out in any way. Turns out I was just really good... at a tedious job. It's not combat or anything flashy... but it's something.

I'm useful... damn. I really should keep my self hatred in check, but my grief for these past ninty-ish days was keeping me from seeing how hard I was actually working.

Anyway, while I'm praising myself the conversation with my comrades and the Creators present still carries on. I guess I should explain who they are hmm? Brace yourselves this may take a while.

Here we have a young girl. I mean she's probably around my age but yeah. She looks like a stereotypical priestess from a fantasy world. Her name is Fei and she's a servant of The Matriarch. She has beautiful purple eyes and long silverish-gray hair. She's about my height. Her butt and boobs are smaller than mine though. judging by how they're not poking out suggestively from her rather tight robes. Yeah I don't really know her... but I guess I will learn more about her on this assignment... along with everyone else of course.

She's going to be our healer, so it seems like she's only useful for our non-Reaper companions.

Speaking of which...

Standing beside Fei is... a brutish male alien. He looks like an anthro but he's for sure not, he doesn't have any fur for one thing, except maybe a bit of stubble for a goatee. Just gray skin, deep set red eyes and an overbite that'd put anyone to shame. He almost looks orc like... or tiger like... but even those descriptions aren't really accurate. He's really tall too, almost seven feet, maybe an inch or two shorter. His tail is also long and thin, very cat-esque.

Yeah I have no idea... I've never met him so I guess I'll have to ask him what he calls himself. Also he serves The Archdeacon so he's a religious nutjob, great. Maybe he's one of those who just silently obeys and doesn't actually believe in the cultish gobbledygook?

Hopefully that's the case. I don't need to be preached to.

Also he's here because of his excellent melee combat abilities... not exactly the subtly I thought we were looking for but who knows... maybe he's a fucking ninja or some shit. His name is Xer-Ren, quite awesome honestly. I hope his personality is as great as his appearance but when have I ever been lucky?

Next up... is someone who I can only describe as a stereotypical badass sidekick character in a shonen anime. Yeah I know I should stop comparing every human I see to a cartoon stereotype but I can't help it for some reason. Wild dark blue hair, blue eyes, a small face tattoo that looks kinda tribal-like and enough swag to fill up a toilet bowl.

Ahh... piss. I will be sure to wee before leaving for the mission.

Anyway yeah his earrings, necklaces and fancy suit are all fucking epic and compliment his fashion sense perfectly. I can tell how buff he is through that jacket as well, sexy piece of manmeat right here... sexy enough for a human anyway.

Ahem regardless, his name is Braun, boring name bud, and he's our... aerial combat expert. Does that mean he's a pilot? Maybe, I dunno.

God all of my companions are just so fuckable despite us not being the same species. I really should get my mind outta the slut gutter.

Thankfully, my last two allies on this mission are anthros... kind of. I think.

Now we get to the elephant in the room... or the deer in this case. The Reaper that all other Reaper's fear... or so I've heard. Father's number one soldier, the original son who has had the longest amount to time to build up his soul power... and is said to easily be able to take on a fully equipped army by himself.

I'm not intimidated by his tall and lithe body that constantly billows smoke and it somehow manages to not fill up the room. His red glowing facial scars and tattered black robes don't freak me out at all... nope not at all.

For some reason, on my first day here, Hannes warned me about Kastor. Told me to stay as far away as possible and avoid him like the plague. Well I'm here now and I'm not dead so I'm sure it's fine. Anthros said the same thing about me in high school after all. I don't really care that he's an outsider from most other Reaper's point of view. In a way I kind of connect with him on that... even though we've not spoken at all.

Anyway his specialty is magic. How very vague but whatever. Did I mention he was tall? Like he'd be a full head taller than Axel at least, not including his antlers. Look I'm sorry to keep comparing you pal but hey you were the former tallest anthro I knew so... yeah. I'll stop now.

At the complete opposite end of the height spectrum... we have a short white rabbit anthro standing beside Kastor. Like he can't be any more than four feet tall, likely even less. He'd have to stare up at me through my underboobs in order to see my face, assuming he was right in front of me of course.

Ahem... moving on. His name is Carrots. We've met quite a few times throughout The Citadel. He always wears baggy and loud clothing, loud meaning like obnoxious colors. Yes I am Miss Captain obvious right now. He's the opposite of stealthy, you would see him coming a mile away if he was in a crowd. Well, if he wasn't so god damn short.

I don't have much else to say about him really, he's going to be our ranged combat specialist on this mission. Guess if we need a sniper for... what snipers are used for he'll be the one to call on.

Who're you gonna call? Not the Ghostbusters.

That sounded a lot funnier in my head.

Regardless most of the conversation has passed by but once my mind gets back in focus, I start to pay more attention to it again.

"As for Vaine," I perk up at hearing Father speak my name. "Your role in this mission is a supportive one. I want you to do your upmost to ensure that you avoid combat unless its absolutely necessary. This planet is infamous for being very dangerous, which is why there are so many hard hitters going with you."

"Yes Father, I understand."

"Departure for this assignment will be in two hours." The Archdeacon concludes. "Please gather the most essential items that you need to bring with you. An android will drop by your apartments shortly and leave behind your new ID's. It shouldn't need to be said but be sure to not share any information to anyone else about this mission outside of those in this room."

Makes sense, if the Gray Dragoons find out who we really are that'd be bad. We also don't know if there are any traitors in our midst so it's best to limit information of soon-to-be active assignments. Our cover is like our daddies are mega rich tycoon entrepreneurs or some shit so The Creators have already bought a multi-trillion credit skyscraper in the capital city for us to stay in. A bit excessive but at least we won't have nosy neighbors, which I assume exist in any and all worlds with life. I can just imagine the little bacteria bickering now...

Also I'm the only one in here wearing The Creator's Legion standard uniform, as I have everyday, while every other comrade besides myself is wearing whatever the hell they want. Did I miss a memo that it is somehow ok to wear anything and everything here? Hmm, whatever, not too important I guess but I will have to change before I leave.

With that we all make our exits without speaking to each other. I guess our first conversations will be on our ship, hopefully it's not too awkward. I head back to my apartment and notice a small backpack outside of my door, with folded clothes and my new ID inside. Hmm. Well, that solves that problem. I enter my abode and try them on.

The clothes are exactly the style I used to love to wear, if I had to guess, I'd say that Father made these and sent them to me. I look at myself in my bedroom mirror and turn around a little.

I gotta say... the pants are a little tight. But as I'm checking myself out I notice that damn I look sexy as fuck. It's kind of erotically empowering honestly. I almost wanna masturbate to my reflection.

...

That was a joke ok? I'm not that narcissistic. Not that much. My hair has grown out a lot these last few months. I really should get it cut sometime... but that's not important right now.

I stuff the small backpack with several sets of bras and panties, along with my toothbrush and toothpaste and other miscellaneous hygiene items. I put a couple of spare tablets inside, just on the off chance that one might break somehow, I feel like it could easily happen.

After that, I grab my compact scythe from my closet that took me about a month to meticulously craft. I based its aesthetics on a lightsaber but it's actually not that at all. At a glance it's just a fancy silver colored hilt, with a micro lever on one side near the top and a button in the middle of the center. With a flick of the trigger-like appendage, the entire thing expands out to about five feet in length. You could technically use it as a staff or some shit but the real fun part comes when I power it up.

When I press the button, electricity flows through it, causing nanomachines to fly out of a very tiny hatch and attach themselves to the far end of the pole and arrange themselves into a scythe-like pattern. These simple tiny robots are extremely sturdy and won't come apart easily. Some of the nanomachines have a faint red glow for aesthetic purposes. It took me a long time to develop the code so that they'd behave that way. Okay I guess like forty three days isn't that long but still.

But yeah to deactivate it I simply press the button again and the mini micro bots quickly swarm back into it as the length of it shrinks down to it's convenient size at the same time like a spent cock. I latch it onto my belt and smile lightly. I shouldn't have to use it but obviously if an emergency arises I'll have it on me. The only issue is that it takes a few seconds for the scythe to be combat ready, so ideally my opponent would be far enough away that they couldn't close the gap on me. But just in case they do I grab a small combat knife and strap it to the right side of my belt, that should be fine if I'm somehow caught off-guard.

I guess I should explain how nano-technology works differently from alchemy before I go... but honestly do I really need to? It's simple really, the nanobots are programmed to take a specific shape. Whereas with alchemy the structure of what you craft is fixed depending on where you place atoms. Molecules made this way are not programable obviously. I didn't craft the nanomachines, I requested some from The Citadel's supplies. The rest of the weapon is handcrafted by me though and I could not duplicate it easily. In fact I know if I took the time to make it again it'd look and feel unavoidably different, my alchemy skills are still amateurish at best.

Man I really didn't need to describe it in explicit detail at all but whatever, I just felt... compelled to.

Look today is a weird day okay? I don't know what it is but something has felt off for the past couple weeks or so. So if I have to gush randomly about nanotechnology I'm gonna do it. I just feel jittery and itchy but like... in a mental way. Does that make sense? I dunno. And no it feels different from my normal self-hatred that I have to overcome, it's kind of like a hunger or a urge that isn't sexual.

I'm sure I'll be fine... maybe.

Regardless I leave my apartment and head down to level six of The Citadel. I have an ugly android guide me to the correct hanger and I notice that everyone else is already there. Father is also waiting close by, beside Kastor and Carrots. He tells the three of us in a hushed voice to be careful, not just because of our target but because of our other so-called allies. He's not accusing them of being spies for other Creator's political games... but he sure as hell believes it to be a possibility.

We all nod and I'll say I'll be careful. As I start to head to the ship I notice that Father and Kastor are talking privately for a few moments. I wonder what that's about? Whatever it's not important. The ship we're going to take... looks really fancy not going to lie. And inside it's even more so. We have a minibar and a lounge area... inside of it. Alrighty.

Well I guess that's because of our cover, our fake families being mega rich after all. Fei and I are apparently the spoiled rich kids, Xar-Ren is playing the part of our bodyguard and Braun is pretending to be our butler or something. Oh and Carrots is just our wacky friend who we invited to join us on this little excursion, really feels like you got shafted hard in this fake story bub.

But yeah as for Kastor I don't really know what his uhh, cover is. He's just kind of here, I guess he got shafted harder. Regardless, I put my backpack in a rather small but decently spacious room marked with my spy name, Veronica Jewels, but I don't stay in there long.

Yes I know my false ID is dumb but whatever I don't really care. I enter the lounge area again and pour myself a random drink, looks like some kind of pink tinted gin of some sort. I sit myself down on one of the third-of-a-circle style couches and try to relax as best as I can. Look I'm not high class enough to know their name ok? Peeve off.

Regardless as I'm fighting with myself internally, Fei comes out of her space faring bedroom wearing simple white pants and a loose shirt ontop. She looks pretty cute not going to lie but she seems embarrassed by her getup.

"You look fine without your robes..." I blurt out. "No one's going to notice uhh, anything odd with you."

She simply takes in what I said and sits herself down near me with an elegance that I do not possess. "My name is Fei, it's nice to officially meet you Ms. Steele."

"You don't have to be so formal." I laugh. "Feel free to call me Vaine... or whatever you'd like really. Good to meet you too Fei."

She nods her head and smiles. After a few more awkward moments and us talking about basically nothing, someone else walks into the ship.

With his big broad shoulders and stone-colored skin it is indeed Xer-Ren who graces us with his presence. He's wearing a thick black breastplate and thin gloves with studded knuckles but besides that he's donning what he had on before basically. I don't even really notice the small spherical red pendant that he's wearing.

"Ladies..." His rather soft voice is sophisticated, yet strangely monotone. It's not what I expected him to sound like at all. "May the light of the red suns guide you."

Oh. So he does believe that shit? Oof.

Fei stands up and does a small curtsy. "May the mother of twilight protect you as well."

Right. I forgot she's kind of a wacky loon too huh? What have I gotten myself into? I'll have to be extra careful not to badmouth either The Matriarch or The Archdeacon, if I do that would be bad. Also they're both looking at me for some reason. Oh boy...

"May this..." I hesitate for a moment. "war for justice rip The Gray Dragoons from the historical archives."

I don't even bother to stand up, I sounded rather dismissive if I'm being honest, I barely even raised my half-filled glass in a toast. Ugh, socializing sucks. How do you do it again?

"I see you're not one for formalities." Xer-Ren lets out a surprisingly hearty laugh and sits down across from us. "But your comment is not untrue, this war is long overdue and we shall have the right to call ourselves civilized when it is finally over."

"Indeed." Fei replies with an air of confidence. "Let us pray that the blessings of our path shine brightly on us soon."

I just nod at them. This is already becoming awkward as fuck... I have to find something to do, the silence is unbearable. As if I wasn't already fidgety enough my bladder reminds me of my primal need to piss.

... I forgot to relieve myself before I left my apartment. God dammit. With my senses once again back to reality after being off in lala land for who knows how long, the faint scent of Fei and Xer-Ren is rather nice. Even though I'm only holding in a moderate amount of pee my pussy twitches and I begin to feel horny, as I normally do when I have some in the tank.

Fuck.

Normally it would be fine but in this instance, being aroused is more annoying than satisfying. Making a memorable first impression by peeing my pants? Yeah I'd never hear the end of that. It'd be hot though...

Gah. Stop it me.

I shift my weight around slightly as I take another sip of my drink, the sensation of the soothing liquid running down my throat only makes things worse. My loins ache as I try my hardest to not let my situation appear on my face. It's really aggravating... but it's also turning me on because of course it is. My tight leather jeans aren't helping either.

I'm making a mountain out of a molehill aren't I? I can just excuse myself for a few minutes, I'm sure there's a bathroom on the ship. I'm an idiot. A dumb horny idiot but still.

Just when I encourage myself mentally enough to stand up though, Braun walks into the ship all cool and swag-like. He drops his bag down on an empty lounge chair and nods at everyone. Just when I think he's about to talk to us... he heads to the back of the ship instead.

What? Oh.

I spent about fifteen seconds being hella confused until I hear the toots and shoots that his butt is no doubt producing now. In fact it's so loud that you'd swear he was taking a dump right in front of us. Fei just blushes for some reason while I just have a dumbfounded look on my face.

"Filthy mongrel..." I hear Xar-Ren mutter under his breath, probably too quiet for a human to hear, I'd assume anyway.

But who knows, I've literally never heard anyone shit so loudly, it's still going. My god. My bladder is more uncomfortable than ever as I wonder how the fuck we can even hear him when he's probably close to fifty feet away from us. Maybee he really does just poop louder than an... elephant. Yeah that makes sense...

"Is he... alright?" Fei's eyes are wide open as she leans in towards me.

"How am I supposed to know?!" I blurt out in a whisper.

But yeah we just sit there in silence for a couple minutes, giving me the excuse to fidget under the guise of him making me squirm but really it's just my bladder. Braun's fartfest still goes strong and eventually stops shortly afterward. Thank the gods that don't exist because you'd think he was dying or something.

He comes out a few minutes later looking exactly the same as he did when he went in, like nothing ever happened.

"Did you wash your hands?" I naturally quip as he stands before us again.

I should have kept my mouth shut. Why do I always say something so stupid and act like it's the funniest joke ever? Gah.

"Why would you ask something like that?" He sighs as he lights up a cigarette. I just scolded myself for that buddy.

"It's a valid question from the young lady." Xar-Ren stares coldly with his arms crossed, clearly not happy. "We could hear your gastric rumblings throughout the entirety of the vessel."

That comment makes him look away awkwardly from us, or maybe just Fei I can't tell.

"Sorry ladies." He apologizes as he shuffles his already wild hair with his hand. "I had way too much to eat last night."

Fei simply chuckles lightly, she seems to be back to normal. As for me well I'm still kinda out of it but whatever.

Oh yeah, piss. Again.

"You're just going to ignore me?" Xar-Ren still looks like... the angry alien that he is.

"I have nothing to say to a follower of that... false prophet." Braun speaks as casually as ever as he pours himself a drink from the bar.

"What was that?!" Xar-Ren stands up so violently that I'm surprised his chair doesn't fall over. "You and that immoral witch would be nothing without The Archdeacon's superior guidance and grace!"

The two of them glare at each other intensely. Is this really happening? Is a fight really about to break out within the first half hour of us meeting? No freaking way...

This is probably a good time for me to go to the bathroom, hopefully it doesn't still stink like however it did when Braun dropped his anal bombs in there. Watching these two men punch each other in the gut over and over again may be too much for me to handle while my pussy is screaming for relief.

As I stand up, a black shadowy hand calmly presses itself atop Xar-Ren's left shoulder.

"Please limit your grudges to just words until after the mission is over." Kastor's cold emotionless voice is almost enough to make everyone shudder.

"Aww come on Ani-ki..." In contrast a joyful playful tone comes up from behind his torn robes, Carrots is seemingly standing on the side of his waist. "Let the... emotional mortals have their fun. You have to respect their short lives for what they are you know?"

Kastor simply clicks his tongue as Carrots hops off and follows him closely like a lost kitten, laughing about something all the while. Are the two of them friends? I can't really tell. Their personalities are so different from each other it's hard to believe how casually and freely the rabbit is speaking to him.

"Are you going somewhere?" Fei tilts her head and asks me a question as I'm snapped back to reality.

"Oh yeah..." Now it's my turn to get all red in the face. "Nature calls. I was waiting for Braun to get out and then well all of that happened..."

My knees would literally be shaking if I weren't standing right now.

"You could have gone while I was in there," Braun actually shows a slightly different emotion for once, one of concern... or pity? I dunno. "There's two private privies back there."

Vaine, The Fucking Idiot, strikes again. I should just rename this entire arc to that- wait what am I saying? I quickly excuse myself and make my way to the rear of the ship. There are indeed two of them. However, when I enter one it's almost like a scene out of a wet dream nightmare.

There's nothing in here to piss or shit in. What? All that's here is a sink and a mirror. The sliding door hisses shut and locks itself behind me as I inadvertently press my ass up hard against it.

Inside is... what I can only describe as a robotic see-through snake-like appendage. It is floating in the air like I'm some sort of snake charmer, just swaying back and forth. It's like a bigger version of those revolting yet arousing poop suckers from The Citadel's toilet seats, in fact I think that's exactly what it is. I can almost see the cute cartoony eyes of the "sentient serpent" staring at me right now, asking me to drop my pants.

It doesn't say anything of course but it's movements are eerily life-like, hence the serpentine comparisons that I keep making.

My urethra loosens up slightly and I have to manually clench my vaginal muscles. I'm going to leak really soon if I don't actually get started. This sucks... but I'm pretty sure my panties are already slightly damp from my horny and pathetic state.

I unbuckle my jeans and let them slide partway down my legs. It takes almost all of my willpower for me to hold onto my depressurized bladder, I just want to relieve this stress built up inside my privates.

Fuck, this feels so bad and good. I want to masturbate so badly. It feels like it's been forever since I've touched myself while pissing.

Shit...

I slowly pull down my gray underwear from the sides and abruptly stop once my pubic fur is exposed and breathe in deeply. Why do I do so? I'm not sure, I'm just sexually torturing myself at this point. The desire to wee in my undies is so strong but I resist somehow. My clitoris is on fire and she's begging me to give her some attention.

The automated clear plastic snake's head analyzes my lower body, slips itself inside the front of my panties and makes its way to my pee hole. I feel it start to suckle on my urethra like a babe on its mother's tit and I cover my mouth with both hands and moan as quietly as I can.

"Fuuuuckkk..." My piss gushes out of me so hard that it hurts, but it feels erotic even more so.

I don't have the self control anymore, not now. As the synthetic serpent begins to chug my hot golden shower down its throat, I rub my clitoris roughly while still holding my mouth shut with my free hand. My panties instantly get drenched in girlcum as my pee keeps spraying out of me. I start to fantasize that someone could easily be watching me, the thought makes my sex drive feel as though it's on fire.

"Mm, f-f-f-fuuck, fuck, fu-uuu-ck..."

I can barely keep my voice down, I'm breathing through my nose heavily as I practically suffocate myself with my hand while masturbating furiously. The thought of getting caught is such a huge turn on as my legs continue to shake and my heart pounds faster. I can hear the tube suckling sounds, the lewd sloshing of my fingered pussy, my nasty piss being forced out of me and my muffled moans of pleasure are my entire world right now. I can hear it all so clearly.

The feeling of urinating during a self-love session is just the greatest, the only thing better is peeing during sex. The fact that I can't stop is intoxicating, my vaginal juices are just leaking out of me quickly now as I keep imagining a faceless voyeur peeping on me. I'm a horny little whore, the snake is a big cock and I'm in heat.

My legs give out, but I'm still standing. If I didn't have the support of the door and the tentacle'd piss sucker, I'd probably fall down. My ass is somehow thick enough to hold my weight... ahh ahh fuck...

As my cunt's inner folds presses against the robot's smooth exterior, it's tip almost goes inside me like a synthetic cock. That light teasing is enough to send me over the edge.

"Ahhhhh-hhh-haaaa!"

I refuse to hold back any longer and I cum hard. The feeling is so overwhelming as I climax that it makes me wish I could piss forever. I squirt all over my legs and inner thigh, as well as the robotic snake that is still draining my bladder.

"F-fuuuck..."

I can't even think clearly, the ecstasy is so much that my body goes limp. It takes about another twenty seconds for the last few drops of urine to be extracted from my pussy. Once it's done, the artificial tube slips out of my half-pulled down panties and my ass plops to the warm floor.

"I... have never... seen anything... like that..." I pant like a horny bitch as I whisper aloud to myself. "These Creator bathrooms just keep getting more and more perverted. Or maybe that's just me..."

My mind is so hazy and clouded right now. But at the very least I feel better, no more arousing pressure in my bladder. It feels so empty and the stress that I've built up for today has completely vanished. I have a slight smile on my face, probably just an after effect from my orgasmic daze. That felt so good.

Anyway, I don't sit on my bare butt with my pants pulled down for long, I quickly put my underwear back in place and wipe my sticky thighs clean with nearby toilet paper, I didn't notice that was there before, phew. Regardless I stand up and pull up my pants before washing my hands like a good girl.

Afterwards I head back out and notice that Fei and Braun are sitting side by side talking at the bar, while Carrots and Xar-Ren are discussing something else on the other end of the lounge. Kastor is just sitting down in a corner alone, near the cockpit's entrance, with his eyes closed. Looks like the social circles have already been set. Also we've already taken off, I can see that we're zooming through hyperspace right now from my slight view of the cockpit and I didn't even feel it while in the washroom.

Braun and Fei are the first ones to notice me and I manage to smile lightly.

"Feel better I hope?" Fei seems a lot more relaxed, I dunno how much she's drank so far but her current glass is more than half empty.

"Yeah." I scratch my cheek casually. "Did you guys hear me too or no?"

Fei just tilts her head awkwardly. "Nah, just the uhh, steady rushing of liquid..."

"The acoustics of this ship's plumbing system must be faulty to some degree." Braun states neutrally while inhaling a puff.

Ahh okay. So they heard me take a long hard piss but not my loud moaning masturbating session? That's... not as embarrassing as it could have been I guess. Regardless I sit down near Kastor but not too close. I take a quick glance at him and notice something... peculiar. This is also the first time that I'm noticing... he's shorter than he normally is... and I cannot spot where the bottom of his robes end and legs begin.

"Is their something you'd like to ask me?" Kastor still has his eyes closed but clearly he noticed my curiosity, of course he did. I cannot even imagine how insane his perception is.

"N-No. Sorry for staring that was rude of me." I try to back pedal, even though his voice is surprisingly normal and calm.

"It's fine. You wouldn't be the first and you won't be the last." His speech patterns are mentor-like and philosophical, it's kind of hard to describe.

But I guess everything is hard to describe today hmm?

"You're just uhh, not what I expected." Drat I may have said too much.

"I'm simply the most efficient Reaper that exists." Kastor opens his eyes. "If that makes me the villain for most of us then so be it."

"Aniki may look like evil incarnate but he's a really nice guy." Carrots somehow appeared next to me without me even noticing and I almost jump off of the bench. "His body didn't take to the Reaper Core well so, he has to hold himself together with his dark magic constantly these days. On the plus side he never has to sleep again though, he's like a ghost or a lich or something."

"Carrots..." Kastor's tone immediately shifts. "Could you not assault my ears with your silly nicknames during a mission, for the thousandth time? besides I'm not an undead spirit, I am very much alive."

"Aww come on bro we're all friends here." Carrot's happy tone doesn't leave his mouth. "Besides, the newbies should see that we're approachable and friendly."

"We are neither of those things." Kastor scolds him like a child.

"You've known each other a while hmm?" I have to hold back a light laugh.

"Oh yeah sister." Carrots eyes are now glued to me. "We grew up together. The fact that we're both Reapers is literally thanks to the gods themselves."

"I didn't know that, sorry." I apologize again. I really don't know much of anything about anyone outside of my... original Reaper friends.

Kastor almost opens his mouth to speak but Carrots beats him to the punch. "We lived on a violent world where deer and rabbit anthros were at war with humans for centuries. When all three races finally did reconcile we had tech that was probably only a couple decades more advanced than yours on Earth. I looked up your home planet, hope I didn't overstep."

"Nah it's alright." I manage to laugh lightly this time. "Your friendship just seems... really unique."

"We're not friends."

"Yes it is."

They both reply at the same time and I chuckle again. I think you can deduce who said what by this point.

"Now that we're all being merry and drinking, well most of us." Xer-Ren stands up after setting an empty glass onto a nearby table. "Let's discuss the mission in more detail shall we?"

Everyone pretty much agrees but me, so we all sit around in a circle and talk about mostly what we already know, just to reaffirm in our minds what our assignment is. It's mostly the information I said before, with some differences.

"What do we know about the planet itself?" Braun steps in so I guess I have to go into more detail.

"Well... as I said it's a cold desert wasteland outside of the cities. The air is very thin and unbreathable, the sand is all tainted gray from poison and millions of years of solar radiation. It's tidally locked to its green host star. The twenty three domed cities on its surface are arranged in a straight line on the planet's Temperate zone, so all the cities are constantly seeing the sun halfway set on the horizon. There's also factories and mines outside of the settlements which harvest and create various resources for the local economy, I don't know many specifics yet other than they only export about fifteen percent of what they retrieve."

God I feel like I spoke forever. Blech.

"A green sun? That's quite rare isn't it?" Fei asks inquisitively.

"It fuses mostly Boron instead of Hydrogen, giving it a sickly hue." Xer-Ren speaks up. "They are indeed very rare. But as such they last only a fraction of the time that normal stars do. It'll turn into a blue dwarf in probably around 34 million years or so."

We all turn our heads in surprise at Xer-Ren's knowledge. I mean yes I knew that too but still.

"What?" it's Xer-Ren's turn to look annoyed, again. "Did you all assume I was just some kind of brute with no brain function?"

"I mean yeah kind of." Braun retorts.

"Oh fuck off." Xer-Ren sounds angry but he seems used to Braun's insults by now so he's honestly rather calm.

Fei and I just laugh honestly. This is probably the start of a beautiful friendship between the two rival men. Or a gay love story. Hey I don't judge that'd be kinda hot. Ahem... yeah I'm moving on now.

"Don't forget that the crime rate on the fourth world of the Galletron Five Star System is really high. Father already said it but I don't want you girls anywhere near combat. Do I make myself clear?" Kastor sounds like he's scolding us but I also hear the worry in his voice.

"Yes sir."

Fei and I reply almost at the exact same moment.

"Good. We'll be there in about thirty three hours. Be sure you are all well rested before we get there."

We all just kind of disperse again after that.

Carrots heads back to the cockpit and I hear him cursing lightly under his breath for the first time.

"Fuck, the auto-pilot is one two thousandths of a percent off from our actual destination. Looks like I'll have to guide it manually."

Carrots sits down in the pilot seat which is surprisingly the perfect size for his small body and he takes the wheel of the ship, so to speak. Without even saying anything else he starts playing music from some button he presses.

Rebel of the Laundry.mp3

Honestly it's a hella good song, if a little silly. Okay it's a lot silly.

"Do you really have to play that crap now?" Kastor sighs as he checks in on us. "I swear you've listened to all those songs a million times by now."

"Hey man, if I'm going to do some tedious shit like guiding the starship slightly every twenty minutes then I'm gonna listen to my rock n roll." Carrots retorts with a snort.

"Fine. Just keep us on course. I don't want to lose precious time." Kastor leaves us without another comment.

Man. This mission is gonna be alot of fun. I hope at least. The anthros and aliens with me are all rather odd and strange. Kinda like me I suppose.

Anyway, I don't have to go into much detail about what happens next. Carrots and I listen to his entire playlist, which he lets me have on my micro tablet. Pretty nice of him honestly. Although I'm pretty sure Carrots will comply with nearly anything, within reason. The next thirty three hours go by like you'd expect, I sleep, piss a few times, shower twice, eat some food. Life stuff you know?

Anyway, when we get to the planet's surface it has a strange beauty to it in a way.

It's pretty much as I described. But seeing an alien world for the first time... is awesome. I won't bore you with the long and tedious process we had to go through to get inside the capital. You just need to know that a lot of protocols and red tape were annoying and shit but they eventually let us through when they realized I was just a spoiled rich kid, well according to my cover at least.

When we got inside the city, I should have been cautious as we were warned to be. But I wasn't.

We had to leave our ship behind at the hanger, which was fine. But when we got out to the local transports, basically flying taxis, there was already two of them waiting for us when we hadn't booked them ahead of time. We didn't think anything of it though.

Fei, Carrots and I got into one and everyone else went into the other. By the time we noticed that something was wrong and we weren't going to our destination it was already too late. Someone, somewhere must have thought that we were just three naïve hedge fund heirs that were way over our heads with inexperience. We were forced out of the car near what I can only describe as a shady warehouse. Dozens of aliens and anthros alike with guns surrounded it like some kind of mafia fortress.

"Kill the rabbit and take the girls to the boss, so he can inspect the merchandise himself." A gross fat man, one of the few who was unarmed, grinned lustfully at us.

Fei was scared as she held onto my arm. But I was fucking angry.

*096*2024-03-10 08:55

Well here it is lol.

Sorry for the delay, real life has been really shitty. As I said weeks ago this chapter was almost done... I just didn't have the time to write it or the desire to. But alas here it is and I hope you enjoy my new characters as much as I do, even if they'll only be in a few chapters probably. I estimate Vaine's first mission will take about four chapters maybe five but I've been wrong before lol.

I know this chapter is mostly exposition but the next chapter will have a shit ton of action in it so I hope that makes up for it.

I'm excited to share these characters with you. Kastor has been in my head for almost a year and Carrots was just randomly made one day and I thought "wow he'd make a cool character" so here we are lol. The other three characters may be kind of generic but I'll do my best to give them their own spin very soon.

Lastly, as you may have noticed, this is the first chapter with a song. One can make original copyright free music with AI now and it's freaking awesome. This was just a silly song I made and my first attempt at a hard rock/metal song so lol.

I look forward to writing more music and many many more chapters in the future. For now I hope you enjoy. I cannot give an ETA for the next chapter since real life is really unpredictable and until that settles down I honestly don't know when it'll be out. But I'll do my best to get it out as soon as I can.

I hope you'll all enjoy my accidental Guardians of the Galaxy knock off in this mission xD.

~Much Love, Vaine Steele

*097*2024-04-10 04:03

Just so you all know, my life has gotten alot less hectic after a rough couple of months. I should be able to write consistently again.

I estimate the next chapter will be out in early May but I guess we will see.

Hope you all are having a great year so far and thanks for sticking around so far. 😛

~Vaine Steele

*099*2024-05-26 17:03

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

How's the next chapter coming along?

}}

Not to well sadly, life has been very busy lately. Not sure when I'll get around to it but I will as soon as I'm able to.

*101*2024-05-26 18:32

{{43 minutes ago, orangelion said:

Alright then, good luck!

}}

I apologize for the delay. I'm not going to give an "exact date" for chapter 18 as I don't wanna set up further times that I'll miss but rest assured, I'm not giving up on this story.

Even if there is abit of a break period right now lol.

