Vaine, Goddess of Death, Sexual/Peeing Adventures Throughout the Multiverse (Insanely Long Story) - Page 4

Author: Vaine Steele

*087*2024-01-09 10:23

*huff huff*

Hey everyone lol. I did it, it's finally out. I didn't want to release such a dark chapter during Christmas time but alas, I got this out a week later than intended. Seems to be the norm with me though lol. Regardless I have a lot to say so let's get to it shall we?

First of all, some of you may be asking, what the frick is up with that name?! Ozaj? How the bloody hell do you pronounce that? Well... funny story actually... and this is true, I was randomly urinating one day and I was making random noises with my mouth, as you usually do. And I said something... that I could describe as cool.

If ya'll know that famous building in India called the Taj Mahal, you may have already figured out how to pronounce it. It's like Taj but with an Ah sound instead of a Ta sound lol. The result is a rather unique name for a badass character, whom I came up with last summer but didn't have a name until then, which was around October of last year. So yeah, now you know. xD

But yeah.. Act II... the war arc finally begins. Initially this wasn't going to be a part of the story but then I thought it fit in perfectly and I started to plan this out a long while ago. Back when I originally made The Council for Interlude 1, I didn't think much of them. Just made them look unique and moved on. But since then they've sort of developed in my mind and I'm quite happy with the results.

I'm sorry if this chapter is mostly just sitting around and talking, you're not wrong lol. Normally I wouldn't be so exposition heavy in a single chapter and there's more players in this game than just the few I highlighted in this chapter. Nevertheless I felt that brief introductions were necessary.

I love how The Elder was introduced and the subversion of expectations. Like he's so young for such a... elderly name lol. You may already see who he's inspired by but I've tried to make my own small twists to him to make the character my own, nevertheless he's a blast to write for.

The Archdeacon as well is a great character by design although he's not really developed yet, least not stuff that's been written down. He's, as Vaine said in the chapter, a cult leader, and the second strongest Creator in terms of power level. When I made him have long black hair and red robes in Interlude 1 I didn't intentionally make an evil twin version of Jesus Christ but alas here we are rofl. I hope you enjoy the Dark Souls/Resident Evil vibes that I will soon incorporate into his character.

Lastly... The Matriarch. I admit this character is probably the least exciting from an outside perspective and I struggled with the conversations between her and Vaine. Nevertheless she really is important to Act II, even if it doesn't seem like it yet.

But yeah, I promise the next chapter won't be so dialogue heavy. It will have a bunch more exposition yes but not to spoil stuff, Vaine will go on her first mission, which may last more than one chapter but we'll see. Most of that will be the introduction of new Reapers that the reader hasn't met, namely Kastor. And Carrots but he's a secret character so we don't wanna talk about him yet.

Regardless... the last thing I should probably talk about... is Toshia and Paisou. The start of this chapter was so hard to write, no author enjoys killing off named characters but alas that's the kind of story this is, one with consequences, even if it is just plain bad luck.

I realize doing what I did will probably cause a few of my readers to lose interest, especially if those are your favorite characters besides Vaine, but alas whatever happens will happen and we press forward. This is a story where people come and go a lot so yeah. I legit teared up when I made the picture of Toshia and Paisou. It's not perfect... but Midjourney is getting so good at giving you what you want and it's only getting better.

In conclusion, the prologue is done... time for the first "real" arc of the story... it's going to be a bloodbath so I hope ya'll will enjoy it. Or not, up to you lol.

*089*2024-01-21 05:11

{{10 hours ago, orangelion said:

I just got around to reading this because I was busy for the past week. Even though there isn't there isn't much action of both the combat variety and pissing variety, the introduction to a new world and characters kept me entertained. It makes me excited for the next chapters.

}}

Yeah it didn't really feel right to include any sex scenes in this chapter, given it's subject matter. I even hesitated to put in the scene where she kills The Creator with wee but it fit so I kept it in lol.

*091*2024-01-22 23:07

{{2 hours ago, orangelion said:

I really enjoyed that scene and thought it fit just fine. I was wondering when she was going to use her acid pee again since she had only used it once before this point, unless I'm failing to remember another instance.

}}

Once that I've written about yeah.

*093*2024-01-26 11:08

{{On 1/24/2024 at 10:26 PM, poofball said:

😮 best death by pee. You must have a omega huge writing doc packed with CONTENT!!!

}}

You’ve read about another death with pee? Lol. 

And yeah you’re not wrong, I have a big document to keep track of important small details in the background as well as basic synopsizes for planned stuff.

I’ve had Act II planned out for months so it’s nice to actually get started on it.

And Vaine’s overall story has been taking up free rent space in my noggin for years so xD.

Although, besides the prologue, Reaper/Creator lore and Father, none of this was in my head back then so it’s great to see this all play out, even for me lol.

*094*2024-02-18 04:17

Heya all I just wanted to give you a quick update.

These past couple weeks have been rough for me irl, not to get too personal but a family member's health was in serious jeopardy and I wasn't sure if they would still be with us at this moment in time. Thankfully they recovered, everything is fine but it was a really stressful ordeal.

As such, I didn't really have the time or right mindset to write very much. I'm a slow enough writer as is so lol. I'm about 80% done the next chapter, it may be a shorter one than usual but we shall see I guess. I'll try to have it out by the end of the month... assuming that life doesn't keep throwing curveballs at my face lol.

Anyway stay safe all and stay pissy.

~Vaine Steele

*095*2024-03-10 08:38

Chapter 17: New Horizons, Forbidden Fruits

~~19th year, 1st day, 10th hour~~

I take a moment to yawn and stretch my arms up above my head. I've been sitting down for nearly twelve hours straight, at a command center computer here at The Citadel. It's probably not very healthy thing to do but whatever. The blinding glare of the screen hits my eyes at an awkward angle, causing me to rub them in annoyance. I'm just one of many soldiers assigned to desk duty on level five.

Man technically I am nineteen years old today, in Earth years anyway. I'll keep track of my days in Earth time for you guys but for me, who's been living in space for the last month, it doesn't really matter all that much.

Man it really has been a month already...

I can't really say it's been the most interesting thirty days of my life. In fact it's kind of just flown by. Axel, Jason and Sorcha have gone on like four or five missions so far, while Eris and me haven't even left the station yet. I guess that shows you that Father isn't all that confident in my abilities. Can't say I blame him but still, it kind of sucks.

Most days I'm just organizing and categorizing parts of the vast amounts of data into The Creator's archives that come in from an innumerable amount of intergalactic sources. If I'm lucky though I'll actually have days where I have free reign to investigate shit on my own and try to find something, anything, that The Creators can use against The Gray Dragoons.

Such work shifts are rare though, not that I've personally found anything useful anyway. Life is kinda hard to live when it feels like nothing you do is really changing anything.

But regardless sex is always fun... and honestly it's been the best distraction while living here so far. I've met a bunch of Reapers who I'm friendly with and even a few non-Reaper soldiers who are... fine. Yeah there's some asshole Reapers and plenty of jerkwad comrades around here but I do my best to stick with ones who won't be downright nasty to me.

But yeah nothing much has really happened. I wish I could say that something has changed but regardless, my personal shift is done for now. So I get up and stretch my legs and feel my bladder complaining to me. I have to hold back a horny smile as I walk to the nearest bathroom, which will take about ten minutes, that shit is far away.

So I guess I'll spend that time explaining a few things.

First of all, me and Sorcha, while we technically haven't broken up, we haven't spoken much... since that day. She became deeply depressed and distant after Toshia's death, I think she cared about him way more than I could have known. We haven't slept together since either.

I don't blame her though I'm just going to give her time. And I guess if our relationship is over... well it's just over. Shit happens. Being sad about it now won't change anything, I've had plenty of time for that these last few weeks. As far as I know though, Eris and Axel's relationship is still going strong, even if it's long distance most of the time. Axel is still back at The Citadel at least once or twice a week though, so I assume they spend that time together getting freaky with it.

Lastly, Jason. Yeah I have like nothing to say about him, sorry. He hasn't said a word to me since we've been here and I barely see him. Whenever I do he looks angry and miserable. I understand why but... it's not my problem anymore. Besides I've seen him hang around with "his boys" and laugh and smile with them, so it's likely that he's just trying to move on in his own way.

I think... it's just painful for most of us to be together. Axel and I are still friends but we really only text. I've had dinner with Eris and him a few times but in general our relationship is more of a formality, at least it seems that way on the surface.

I could mention my new friends and lovers right now but I'll get to them later I'm sure.

For now, before I enjoy a nice long piss let me tell you about one more thing that I will really only address once. As I said earlier I'll be tracking my days based off of Earth's solar calendar, even though it's completely meaningless except for the fact that my body is still on a twenty four hour cycle, more or less. There is some variations of course, it's impossible for me to stay completely on track but regardless I work in twelve hour shifts and try my best to keep them twelve hours apart.

But for those who are too damn curious, here we go. A year on The Citadel is ten months, two weeks in each month, ten days in each week and fifty hours in each day.

Yeah. Try keeping track of that in your head nerds. The Creators really like the number ten I guess... and twenty and fifty. Nice round numbers.

Thanks doc.

But yeah that means that one year on The Citadel is 1.141 Earth years or a single Earth year is 87.6% of a Citadel year. Confused yet? Me neither.

So yeah it's just much easier for everyone if I keep track of time in a way that we're all familiar with, instead of trying to constantly convert shit to turds and turds to shit.

Speaking of shit, I enter the public bathroom and surprise surprise, it smells. Dumps are constantly being taken in here after all, except for the one hour a day when it is closed. It's open for forty nine hours straight though, afterwhich the androids clean up in here for an hour and unlock it again. The bathroom design is identical to the ones I've been used to in the megastructure, except these ones are like... twenty times bigger. With like forty sitting toilets and forty urinals inside, along with some sinks and mirrors along one wall.

There's no toilet paper here by the way, apparently once one is done pooping, with the press of a button a tentacle like thing comes out from behind the toilet seat, cleans the crap off of your butt with water and sucks the remainder of it out of your anal colon like a vacuum cleaner and washes you out like some kinda fucked up sci-fi parasitic worm that barfs water up your ass just to suck it inside itself once again.

If that detailed run on sentence was gross I apologize but that's literally what they do. Not that I'd know... I've not used my personal one in my apartment as an aid for masturbating... no never.

But yeah, point is, it kind of blows in here... but it's the kind of sucky you get used to... like using the toilet at a public mall or I don't know, a football stadium.

Anyway, a nearby urinal is open, so I don't waste any time in dropping my military pants and gray panties and enjoying a warm soothing piss. Yellow fluid shoots out of my urethra as I thrust my hips forward and I can't help but smile... always feels so nice as my bladder starts to empty itself.

I've stopped caring about the countless stares I get, I'm sure hundreds of anthros and humans and whatever else have seen my butt by now. I've seen other females do this too but it's not very common.

I force the urine out of me harder as I subtly place my left hand on my asscheek and open it just a smidge, the exhibitionist side of me hopes that someone looks at me and sees my cute butthole. I am... needlessly horny today, even though I just had sex a few days ago. If it weren't for the unpleasant stench in here I'd probably touch myself most days not going to lie.

Regardless after my nice nearly daily mini-exhibitionist session, I pull up my pants, wash my hands and leave the bathroom. I make my way towards the public showers which are basically bath houses that you'd find on Earth, only more perverted. Once inside I strip down naked and put my dirty clothes inside a capsule that goes into a tube. It's sent to my room via some kinda transport system, I don't fully understand how it works either but yeah there's an exit to said tube in my cabinet that drops them directly into my laundry basket. Yeah I still have to wash them myself... although here at the public showers we get to use towels that we don't have to clean ourselves so... that's mostly why I freshen myself up here.

Well that and I love the attention too. I've had sex in here more than a few times, almost every time I go in here there is usually some couple going at it. Last week there was a full blown orgy in here, that was fun.

Regardless nothing much happens, I tease myself a tad, smile at some human wanking off to me soaping my ass and clean myself up pretty quickly. I dry myself off with a free towel and open my pre-registered tube again. We have to deposit our own clean clothing in here that we want to wear after our showers. Today just happens to be a day when I'll wear my white bra and panties that I handcrafted, well alchemy crafted I mean to say.

I usually have like three sets of undies stored here at any one time, since I've not been on a mission to some random planet yet I really haven't had the opportunity to craft more of them, which I'd like to do... if I ever go on an assignment. But yeah here at The Citadel there is very little that I could deconstruct atomically without getting accusatory glares cast onto me. I could go to the trash area on level seven, but security there is fairly tight and it'd be embarrassing to say that my reason for going there would be to make extra panties for myself. So yeah I haven't done that.

I head home in naught but my underwear, which is common these days, and make my inside my apartment building. I only experience a few casual glances thrown my way today. I head to the top floor by taking the stairs and enter the small gym here. There's also a pool and a rec room of sorts on this floor, along with a few vending machines, all of which are free to use and are usually stocked fairly well, mostly with sports drinks and such. I've seen the autonomous drone that comes to fill it a couple of times, something even more low tech than the androids around here. Despite that I don't really pay much attention to it as I get a yellow tinted drink from the vendor.

It's not urine I swear... really its not.

Anyway, it's nice to work out here because usually it's fairly empty and I can concentrate, only Reapers have a reason to use this place after all. When compared to the much bigger public places on the level, this area is just chill and more private. Before I begin I do some light stretching, remember kids that's important.

I spend about thirty minutes on the treadmill and another twenty lifting weights. There is a dialed panel inside the room, for adjusting the artificial gravity. It can go up to 30G but I've never seen it that high, I couldn't even come close to walking in here if that setting was active. I just keep it at the normal zone though, which is about 1.5G.

After drinking half of my sci-fi pissorade I get onto an exercise bike and start to pedal. Damn the seat is really massaging my pussy in all the right places. I can't help but rub my covered muff on it sensually and sigh deeply. I need it bad right now. If this keeps up for too long I'll probably stop exercising and just full on masturbate.

Almost as if the sexual gods are answering my horny prayers, a Reaper walks into the gym about five minutes later, one whom I've met a few times.

He's a mostly red feathered bird anthro with short pink hair and black feathers on his arms and... other private places. He's also built like a truck and fairly tall, I'd put him at around 5'11" or so. My sweaty panty-covered ass is there to greet him as I turn my head to the side and smile.

"Hey Angel. You're done your shift too hmm?" The arousal in my voice is clear.

"Sup Vaine? Haven't seen you for... about ten days." His tone is relaxed as he oogles at me.

"Yeah... our schedules just don't line up well I guess." I face forward again and keep pedaling, being sure to give him a show as I lift my ass off of the seat. "I turned nineteen today by the way."

My pussylips are clinging to my panties and leaking, his fixated gaze on my lush backside pushes my libido into a frenzy. My undies feel like they're tighter than usual and it's making me go insane as I feel my nipples stiffen.

"Awesome!" He laughs lately. "We should go out to a bar to celebrate!"

"You know that's not really my style." I brush him off lightly in response. "But I do know another way that we could do so..."

I pull my white panties down slightly, just enough so that he can see about an inch or two of my buttcrack and I keep pedaling lewdly.

I don't have to turn around as I know he's already there close behind me, staring at my tushy like it's sent from the heavens as my tail swishes around his abdomen. I giggle a bit, my pedaling slows down for a moment as I feel his large talon tipped hands cup my buttcheeks from underneath and give them a rough squeeze.

"Damn, your panties are so sexy." I can feel his hot breath on the back of my neck and we've not even really begun.

I smile devilishly as I keep my legs moving, his groping doesn't let up as I feel my cunt dampen and heat up even more. Did I mention he loves to toy with my ass? No? Kay.

"Mmmm, thanks. Yeah I... made them to remember a friend of mine." I turn my head to the side and give him a sarcastic pout. "But enough about them... ahh... yeah right there."

He stops playing with my ass after about a minute, afterwhich we move onto the next stage. He slides his hand into the back my panties and begins to finger my anus. I tighten it as much as possible around his digit, I can literally feel his elevated pulse through his finger. He makes small circular motions in and around my asshole that cause me to shudder with delight. His talon feels too good...

I let out a moan and a giggle. "Ahh fuck... you know exactly where I like it..."

He gives me a silly horny grin in response. "I have an extra hour to kill before my next shift starts. We can take this nice and slow."

My pussy shudders and loosens a bit after that, if I wasn't leaking girlcum before I sure am now.

"Haha yeah... that sounds fun." I laugh lightly, trying my best to sound composed, even though my head is in the clouds.

I finally take my hands off of the handle bars and sit down as best as I can with his finger still probing my anal cavity. He's standing so close behind me now that I can reach his privates without turning around, so I start rubbing his bird cock through his boxers.

"Oooh yesss..." He groans in my ear.

My pussy clenches involuntarily at the sound of his voice and I rock my hips back and forth, doing my best to move rhythmically with his anal fingering. I feel like I'm going to explode, every nerve in my lower body is on fire as he wraps his free arm around my underboobs and continues his consensual sexual assault on my dump truck's entrance.

"Damn you're nice and sweaty... just how I like you." Angel teases as he pecks at my ear roughly.

I respond by tightening my grip on his dick through his underwear and the effect is immediate as it hardens even more and tents against the fabric. I feel my panties become completely soaked and cling tightly to my vagina as his finger continues to plunge in and out of my asshole. I can feel his cock growing longer and firmer in my grasp as my heart races even quicker. My blood is boiling in the best possible way right now.

"I think your... birdhood is ready to fill my tank." I try to make a corny joke but as always it's probably just cringe-inducing instead.

He simply laughs as he pulls off his boxers while I take off my bra. With my back to him I slide my panties to the side, every part of my agape pulsing asshole is completely exposed to him. I lick my lips erotically and smile at him again, making sure my asscheeks are spread as far apart as possible with one hand.

"You are so damn horny Vaine." He says as his impressive erection rests between my asscheeks.

"I'm young and sexually active, sue me." I giggle as he pushes the head of his red cock into my black butthole.

"I can see that." He grunts as his penis slips deeper into me, my bowel's muscles clench around him tightly and I can't help but let out a squeal of pleasure.

My head spins a bit as he fully enters me, his entire seven inch long johnson buries itself in my rectum. My covered cunt spasms involuntarily against the bike seat as his balls press up against my puckered anus. My slit is constricted within my panties tightly as it continues to let me know how much I'm enjoying this.

I grab the handle bars of the bike and lean back against him. His arms wrap around my torso as he grabs ahold of the bike with me, my hands are in his and I feel the leathery yet soft texture of his palms.

He starts off slow, his hips thrust forward and back with the utmost precision as I feel his hard shaft rhythmically massage the inner walls of my anal cavity. Each time he thrusts in and out my entire lower body aches with pleasure. His dick is exactly what I needed today.

"Oh Angel, you're so fucking big... yes right there! Hahhaa..." My words come out as whines as I feel his entire cock sending shockwaves of pleasure throughout my backside.

He doesn't reply, instead he just keeps going. His hands are on top of mine, so he can have full control of our buttfucking session. He squeezes them harder as he thrusts a little faster into me, his hips and crotch meet the back of my ass in the most perfect way, his balls slap against my drenched panties, spreading my girlcum down there and sending tingles through my whole body.

Fuck this feels too amazing.

He moans lightly as I continue to hold onto the handlebars and feel his warm ragged breath on my shoulder. After every deep repeated insertion, my asshole feels more and more pleased. Just when I think he's anally probed every corner of my rectum I'm reminded of how wrong I am as different nerves get triggered with each thrust.

"Mmm that's so good... fuck... keep it up like that.." I encourage him.

He chuckles a bit in response, the feeling of his cock inside of my sensitive butt is driving me insane. I can feel a familiar force build up in my loins and I know it's not going to be long before I cum.

"Mmm fuck... I'm... close." My breathing is quick and shallow, my heart is beating so fast that it almost hurts.

"Me too..." He pants as his cock throbs and pulses in my asshole.

My pussy shudders violently, like a volcano ready to erupt in my loins...

"Haaaaaahh!!"

My body convulses and shakes, my toes curl, my asshole clenches even tighter around his dick and I throw my head back into his chest, a massive moan escapes my lips as I shoot out torrents of girlcum from my cunt and my panties become thoroughly wet from muff to ass as I leak vaginal fluid everywhere. Seconds later, I feel waves and waves of his steaming sperm filling my bowels, he thrusts into me harder and harder, trying to push himself deeper inside of me as he groans loudly and climaxes.

Feeling his hot jizz bubble and spread through my butthole is one of the best things about anal sex... along with everything else of course.

My orgasmic high lasts for about fifteen seconds before we both start to chill while still breathing heavily. He pulls out of me and his seed starts to leak out, as the aftershocks of my own enflamed libido slowly dissipates. I force it out of me and it comes out quicker with sounds equivalent to a series of wet farts accompanying it. I only do so because I know he likes it.

"Your butt squeaks are so cute." He laughs unironically.

"You're as weird as ever." I smile back as I drink the other half of my urine tinted sports drink.

"Aren't we all?" He says as he picks up his boxers.

After a few more minutes we clean up after ourselves and I put my dirty underwear in my apartment, before heading back out into the hallway naked. Angel asks if we want to hang out for about half an hour but I decline, saying that I have to finish my gym routine. Which is true but kinda silly I know, sex is enough of a workout.

What? You want me to describe Angel to you more? Uhh... to be fair I really don't know much about him, he's really just a sexfriend and not much else. He was a famous athlete on his homeworld before he became a Reaper, he lived during a time that was similar to the 1980's on Earth. I'm not sure what more you want from me. If I get to know him more sometime... I'll share it but... not to be rude he's not that important to me at all.

Regardless, I spend more time on the bike, before finishing my workout with some squats and leg lifting. If anyone else came in here right now they'd see everything. Not that I'd mind.

My workout session ends without another romantic encounter however and I head to the pool to relax. I swim for about twenty minutes before I rest on one of the few deckchairs. Once I'm fairly dry I head to the lounge, which is basically just a room with a couch and a big TV on it.

Well it's not a TV, it's way more advanced than one, but it's just much easier to call it that. It has data from every single world that Father got Reaper's from, like every form of digital entertainment that existed or that he could get ahold of. If the movie or show didn't have a digital copy or if it was very rare and only in physical form yeah it's probably not there. It's not a complete list but it's as close as one can get.

Also if said planet was too primitive for TV or audio recording technology, well obviously they'd not be in the menu. It's also convoluted and annoying to navigate really. Like for me, I have to select Earth, then specify the country, followed by the media type and genre and then the year or decade after that. Only then am I given a list of things to watch or listen to.

Yeah I've been bored enough to watch a few random things from other planets but I haven't really enjoyed doing that, so I almost always pick something from Earth.

... I'm ranting really hard about a digital TV guide hmm? Yeah... I probably should stop. The only good thing about it is that it's all voice and motion control activated, with a remote control it'd be hellish.

Anyway, I watch a random Korean reality competition show about people getting "married" (and divorced) while going head to head against each other in various challenges involving cooking and sports. It's a really random and chaotic show and I only picked it because it was rated for "adults only" and the only nudity in it is butts, so lame.

I mean yes I love asses but when it's the only thing nice to look at when there's so much more they could show the audience is just blech. After I'm bored of watching tushies, I head home to pee since I'm forbidden do so on the couch... and then go to bed.

This is a fairly normal day here at The Citadel. I'm not forgetting how nice the megastructure was before all of this... but I'm adjusting to life here.

Even if it's a mostly boring one.

...

I miss Japanese cuisine. And my friends. But mostly the food. I'm kidding relax... geez.

Ok bye.

~~19th year, 68th day, 7th hour~~

Well… shit. Something significant actually happened today. Shocking I know. Let me back up though.

I woke up, peed in the shower, brushed my teeth-

Okay that’s too far back, move it forward a tad. It was about an hour before my lunch break, I was sitting at my work computer as usual when I actually found something in the data that I was combing through. After a couple months of tedious sifting through digital mountains of sand I finally found some gold specks, so to speak.

Okay maybe not gold it is probably bronze or something but still, better than nothing. I even double and then triple checked just to be sure. I found someone who is ranked 28th on the Creator’s most wanted list. Father thought it was important as well and so, within the hour I found myself about to give a briefing to five of my fellow allies, as well as four big shot Creators.

I’m nervous as fuck. Why do I have to be the one to give a damn public speech on such short notice?! And why are two other Reapers here… plus three other random servants of other Creators? I didn’t know but I just came here as I was ordered to.

The six of us are all standing in a row in a medium sized circular room. Several large monitors are scattered about on the walls and the four elevated Creators before us are sitting behind a single large curved podium of sorts. Father, The Archdeacon, The Matriarch and some gravely pale, thin lady called The Nightwalker are all staring at us.

Yeah she looks like a stereotypical vampire mistress ok? I really don’t care to describe her much beyond that. She’s not important at all anyway… maybe. I’m sure I’ll get to describing my comrades in here soon but for now, Father speaks up.

“Now that we’re all here, I’d like you to disclose what you told me to those of us gathered in this hall.” Father's words carry a huge weight of authority as I take a few steps forward.

“Yes my lords… and ladies.” I hesitate for a moment as I pull out my micro tablet from my side pocket that I carry with me almost all the time now.

“The data cache from the outer sector 43-815b was relayed to The Citadel’s servers eighty nine hours ago.” I begin speaking as clearly as I can. “As I was manually going through the massive amount of gathered intel I found something of significance in the Galletron Five Star System.”

I press a few buttons on my tablet and someone’s ugly facehole gets displayed on the monitors.

“Ronzey Goldenfloc, former husband to one of The Nine, wanted for the plethora of Gray Dragoon information that he undoubtedly possesses. He’s ranked 28th on our most wanted list of targets. Even after his marriage broke down he still kept in contact with one of The Gray Dragoon's leaders, according to our older records at least.”

My tone conveys an aura of disinterest but I don’t really care to hide my feelings, I already explained this once after all. I play a muted video that shows a political campaign ad that was broadcast on his present home planet. He ran for the president of this backwater world like twenty years ago and won, ruling still as a power hungry dictator. Aside from his clean hair and lack of an eye patch, it’s easy to see that he is indeed the same wretched human from his mug shot on our hit list.

“About… sixty-ish years ago he was a the CEO of a mega-corporation that turned this hellish desert wasteland of a planet into something that could be considered livable. His government owns, operates and regulates twenty three large cities across the surface and its been used as a spaceport for the galactic alliance in the sector since then.”

I stop for a moment, I’ve said basically all I need to say… just the bare minimum of information that I uncovered. I wanna uncover my butt and piss hard right about now just to relieve the pressure in my chest, this is stressful. Public speaking is definitely not my forte.

"This is a chance that we cannot fail to take." The Archdeacon starts his statement like an emotionless drone and not with his usual charismatic prophet voice. "The six of you will go to Galletron Five's inhabited world and retrieve him. This must be done with the upmost discretion, we don't have the manpower necessary right now to take on another galactic alliance in the middle of this war."

Kay.

...

Wait what?! Hold on... the six... of us... does that mean I'm going?! On a mission?! For the first time?!

I'm sure the shock is plastered all over my face but before I have the chance to respond, someone carries on the conversation.

"With all do respect my lord," A tall black deer cloaked in shadow talks with a rather calming yet unsettling voice. "How can we be sure that this... Ronzey fellow actually has anything of use to us?"

"Because we know the kind of man he is." Father replies. "He's been sympathetic towards The Gray Dragoons... misguided sense of justice for centuries in the past. I have no doubt he's still in contact with someone who we can use to get a foothold in this conflict, perhaps that's even still his ex-wife."

"Yes." The Nightwalker's tone is as cold as one would expect. "I have no doubt... that rotten man is like a snake waiting for the opportune moment to strike. If we spook him he'll go even deeper into his refuse plastered nest. We only have one shot at this, which is why this assignment must be treated with the upmost discretion."

"Forgive me Father." The dark cervine kneels on the ground. "I spoke too rashly."

The Nightwalker sneers at him, we all see it but Father simply smiles and I have to hold back a laugh. Even the badass looking stag Reaper wants nothing to do with her as he completely ignores her. Regardless I feel like I have to speak up about something else.

"I'd also like to say that... are you sure I'm right fit for this mission?" I sound kind of shy for the first time since coming into this room I don't know what the fuck is wrong with me but I had to ask.

"You're the one who found this valuable information that would have slipped by us otherwise." The Archdeacon compliments me and I feel weird. "Besides, your computer skills will be of use for this task, you are the fourth best hacker among The Citadel's legion after all."

"Wait I am?" I blurt out. I'm surprised again but try to hide it.

"Indeed." Father elaborates. "You get more work done per hour in the army command center than almost anyone else. You should be proud. I have no doubt that this is the perfect first mission for you."

"Thank you Father." I have to hold back tears of joy to be honest.

I'm... actually good at something? I'm not completely worthless? My heart and world just got a whole lot lighter. These past few months I thought I was stuck here because I didn't stand out in any way. Turns out I was just really good... at a tedious job. It's not combat or anything flashy... but it's something.

I'm useful... damn. I really should keep my self hatred in check, but my grief for these past ninty-ish days was keeping me from seeing how hard I was actually working.

Anyway, while I'm praising myself the conversation with my comrades and the Creators present still carries on. I guess I should explain who they are hmm? Brace yourselves this may take a while.

Here we have a young girl. I mean she's probably around my age but yeah. She looks like a stereotypical priestess from a fantasy world. Her name is Fei and she's a servant of The Matriarch. She has beautiful purple eyes and long silverish-gray hair. She's about my height. Her butt and boobs are smaller than mine though. judging by how they're not poking out suggestively from her rather tight robes. Yeah I don't really know her... but I guess I will learn more about her on this assignment... along with everyone else of course.

She's going to be our healer, so it seems like she's only useful for our non-Reaper companions.

Speaking of which...

Standing beside Fei is... a brutish male alien. He looks like an anthro but he's for sure not, he doesn't have any fur for one thing, except maybe a bit of stubble for a goatee. Just gray skin, deep set red eyes and an overbite that'd put anyone to shame. He almost looks orc like... or tiger like... but even those descriptions aren't really accurate. He's really tall too, almost seven feet, maybe an inch or two shorter. His tail is also long and thin, very cat-esque.

Yeah I have no idea... I've never met him so I guess I'll have to ask him what he calls himself. Also he serves The Archdeacon so he's a religious nutjob, great. Maybe he's one of those who just silently obeys and doesn't actually believe in the cultish gobbledygook?

Hopefully that's the case. I don't need to be preached to.

Also he's here because of his excellent melee combat abilities... not exactly the subtly I thought we were looking for but who knows... maybe he's a fucking ninja or some shit. His name is Xer-Ren, quite awesome honestly. I hope his personality is as great as his appearance but when have I ever been lucky?

Next up... is someone who I can only describe as a stereotypical badass sidekick character in a shonen anime. Yeah I know I should stop comparing every human I see to a cartoon stereotype but I can't help it for some reason. Wild dark blue hair, blue eyes, a small face tattoo that looks kinda tribal-like and enough swag to fill up a toilet bowl.

Ahh... piss. I will be sure to wee before leaving for the mission.

Anyway yeah his earrings, necklaces and fancy suit are all fucking epic and compliment his fashion sense perfectly. I can tell how buff he is through that jacket as well, sexy piece of manmeat right here... sexy enough for a human anyway.

Ahem regardless, his name is Braun, boring name bud, and he's our... aerial combat expert. Does that mean he's a pilot? Maybe, I dunno.

God all of my companions are just so fuckable despite us not being the same species. I really should get my mind outta the slut gutter.

Thankfully, my last two allies on this mission are anthros... kind of. I think.

Now we get to the elephant in the room... or the deer in this case. The Reaper that all other Reaper's fear... or so I've heard. Father's number one soldier, the original son who has had the longest amount to time to build up his soul power... and is said to easily be able to take on a fully equipped army by himself.

I'm not intimidated by his tall and lithe body that constantly billows smoke and it somehow manages to not fill up the room. His red glowing facial scars and tattered black robes don't freak me out at all... nope not at all.

For some reason, on my first day here, Hannes warned me about Kastor. Told me to stay as far away as possible and avoid him like the plague. Well I'm here now and I'm not dead so I'm sure it's fine. Anthros said the same thing about me in high school after all. I don't really care that he's an outsider from most other Reaper's point of view. In a way I kind of connect with him on that... even though we've not spoken at all.

Anyway his specialty is magic. How very vague but whatever. Did I mention he was tall? Like he'd be a full head taller than Axel at least, not including his antlers. Look I'm sorry to keep comparing you pal but hey you were the former tallest anthro I knew so... yeah. I'll stop now.

At the complete opposite end of the height spectrum... we have a short white rabbit anthro standing beside Kastor. Like he can't be any more than four feet tall, likely even less. He'd have to stare up at me through my underboobs in order to see my face, assuming he was right in front of me of course.

Ahem... moving on. His name is Carrots. We've met quite a few times throughout The Citadel. He always wears baggy and loud clothing, loud meaning like obnoxious colors. Yes I am Miss Captain obvious right now. He's the opposite of stealthy, you would see him coming a mile away if he was in a crowd. Well, if he wasn't so god damn short.

I don't have much else to say about him really, he's going to be our ranged combat specialist on this mission. Guess if we need a sniper for... what snipers are used for he'll be the one to call on.

Who're you gonna call? Not the Ghostbusters.

That sounded a lot funnier in my head.

Regardless most of the conversation has passed by but once my mind gets back in focus, I start to pay more attention to it again.

"As for Vaine," I perk up at hearing Father speak my name. "Your role in this mission is a supportive one. I want you to do your upmost to ensure that you avoid combat unless its absolutely necessary. This planet is infamous for being very dangerous, which is why there are so many hard hitters going with you."

"Yes Father, I understand."

"Departure for this assignment will be in two hours." The Archdeacon concludes. "Please gather the most essential items that you need to bring with you. An android will drop by your apartments shortly and leave behind your new ID's. It shouldn't need to be said but be sure to not share any information to anyone else about this mission outside of those in this room."

Makes sense, if the Gray Dragoons find out who we really are that'd be bad. We also don't know if there are any traitors in our midst so it's best to limit information of soon-to-be active assignments. Our cover is like our daddies are mega rich tycoon entrepreneurs or some shit so The Creators have already bought a multi-trillion credit skyscraper in the capital city for us to stay in. A bit excessive but at least we won't have nosy neighbors, which I assume exist in any and all worlds with life. I can just imagine the little bacteria bickering now...

Also I'm the only one in here wearing The Creator's Legion standard uniform, as I have everyday, while every other comrade besides myself is wearing whatever the hell they want. Did I miss a memo that it is somehow ok to wear anything and everything here? Hmm, whatever, not too important I guess but I will have to change before I leave.

With that we all make our exits without speaking to each other. I guess our first conversations will be on our ship, hopefully it's not too awkward. I head back to my apartment and notice a small backpack outside of my door, with folded clothes and my new ID inside. Hmm. Well, that solves that problem. I enter my abode and try them on.

The clothes are exactly the style I used to love to wear, if I had to guess, I'd say that Father made these and sent them to me. I look at myself in my bedroom mirror and turn around a little.

I gotta say... the pants are a little tight. But as I'm checking myself out I notice that damn I look sexy as fuck. It's kind of erotically empowering honestly. I almost wanna masturbate to my reflection.

...

That was a joke ok? I'm not that narcissistic. Not that much. My hair has grown out a lot these last few months. I really should get it cut sometime... but that's not important right now.

I stuff the small backpack with several sets of bras and panties, along with my toothbrush and toothpaste and other miscellaneous hygiene items. I put a couple of spare tablets inside, just on the off chance that one might break somehow, I feel like it could easily happen.

After that, I grab my compact scythe from my closet that took me about a month to meticulously craft. I based its aesthetics on a lightsaber but it's actually not that at all. At a glance it's just a fancy silver colored hilt, with a micro lever on one side near the top and a button in the middle of the center. With a flick of the trigger-like appendage, the entire thing expands out to about five feet in length. You could technically use it as a staff or some shit but the real fun part comes when I power it up.

When I press the button, electricity flows through it, causing nanomachines to fly out of a very tiny hatch and attach themselves to the far end of the pole and arrange themselves into a scythe-like pattern. These simple tiny robots are extremely sturdy and won't come apart easily. Some of the nanomachines have a faint red glow for aesthetic purposes. It took me a long time to develop the code so that they'd behave that way. Okay I guess like forty three days isn't that long but still.

But yeah to deactivate it I simply press the button again and the mini micro bots quickly swarm back into it as the length of it shrinks down to it's convenient size at the same time like a spent cock. I latch it onto my belt and smile lightly. I shouldn't have to use it but obviously if an emergency arises I'll have it on me. The only issue is that it takes a few seconds for the scythe to be combat ready, so ideally my opponent would be far enough away that they couldn't close the gap on me. But just in case they do I grab a small combat knife and strap it to the right side of my belt, that should be fine if I'm somehow caught off-guard.

I guess I should explain how nano-technology works differently from alchemy before I go... but honestly do I really need to? It's simple really, the nanobots are programmed to take a specific shape. Whereas with alchemy the structure of what you craft is fixed depending on where you place atoms. Molecules made this way are not programable obviously. I didn't craft the nanomachines, I requested some from The Citadel's supplies. The rest of the weapon is handcrafted by me though and I could not duplicate it easily. In fact I know if I took the time to make it again it'd look and feel unavoidably different, my alchemy skills are still amateurish at best.

Man I really didn't need to describe it in explicit detail at all but whatever, I just felt... compelled to.

Look today is a weird day okay? I don't know what it is but something has felt off for the past couple weeks or so. So if I have to gush randomly about nanotechnology I'm gonna do it. I just feel jittery and itchy but like... in a mental way. Does that make sense? I dunno. And no it feels different from my normal self-hatred that I have to overcome, it's kind of like a hunger or a urge that isn't sexual.

I'm sure I'll be fine... maybe.

Regardless I leave my apartment and head down to level six of The Citadel. I have an ugly android guide me to the correct hanger and I notice that everyone else is already there. Father is also waiting close by, beside Kastor and Carrots. He tells the three of us in a hushed voice to be careful, not just because of our target but because of our other so-called allies. He's not accusing them of being spies for other Creator's political games... but he sure as hell believes it to be a possibility.

We all nod and I'll say I'll be careful. As I start to head to the ship I notice that Father and Kastor are talking privately for a few moments. I wonder what that's about? Whatever it's not important. The ship we're going to take... looks really fancy not going to lie. And inside it's even more so. We have a minibar and a lounge area... inside of it. Alrighty.

Well I guess that's because of our cover, our fake families being mega rich after all. Fei and I are apparently the spoiled rich kids, Xar-Ren is playing the part of our bodyguard and Braun is pretending to be our butler or something. Oh and Carrots is just our wacky friend who we invited to join us on this little excursion, really feels like you got shafted hard in this fake story bub.

But yeah as for Kastor I don't really know what his uhh, cover is. He's just kind of here, I guess he got shafted harder. Regardless, I put my backpack in a rather small but decently spacious room marked with my spy name, Veronica Jewels, but I don't stay in there long.

Yes I know my false ID is dumb but whatever I don't really care. I enter the lounge area again and pour myself a random drink, looks like some kind of pink tinted gin of some sort. I sit myself down on one of the third-of-a-circle style couches and try to relax as best as I can. Look I'm not high class enough to know their name ok? Peeve off.

Regardless as I'm fighting with myself internally, Fei comes out of her space faring bedroom wearing simple white pants and a loose shirt ontop. She looks pretty cute not going to lie but she seems embarrassed by her getup.

"You look fine without your robes..." I blurt out. "No one's going to notice uhh, anything odd with you."

She simply takes in what I said and sits herself down near me with an elegance that I do not possess. "My name is Fei, it's nice to officially meet you Ms. Steele."

"You don't have to be so formal." I laugh. "Feel free to call me Vaine... or whatever you'd like really. Good to meet you too Fei."

She nods her head and smiles. After a few more awkward moments and us talking about basically nothing, someone else walks into the ship.

With his big broad shoulders and stone-colored skin it is indeed Xer-Ren who graces us with his presence. He's wearing a thick black breastplate and thin gloves with studded knuckles but besides that he's donning what he had on before basically. I don't even really notice the small spherical red pendant that he's wearing.

"Ladies..." His rather soft voice is sophisticated, yet strangely monotone. It's not what I expected him to sound like at all. "May the light of the red suns guide you."

Oh. So he does believe that shit? Oof.

Fei stands up and does a small curtsy. "May the mother of twilight protect you as well."

Right. I forgot she's kind of a wacky loon too huh? What have I gotten myself into? I'll have to be extra careful not to badmouth either The Matriarch or The Archdeacon, if I do that would be bad. Also they're both looking at me for some reason. Oh boy...

"May this..." I hesitate for a moment. "war for justice rip The Gray Dragoons from the historical archives."

I don't even bother to stand up, I sounded rather dismissive if I'm being honest, I barely even raised my half-filled glass in a toast. Ugh, socializing sucks. How do you do it again?

"I see you're not one for formalities." Xer-Ren lets out a surprisingly hearty laugh and sits down across from us. "But your comment is not untrue, this war is long overdue and we shall have the right to call ourselves civilized when it is finally over."

"Indeed." Fei replies with an air of confidence. "Let us pray that the blessings of our path shine brightly on us soon."

I just nod at them. This is already becoming awkward as fuck... I have to find something to do, the silence is unbearable. As if I wasn't already fidgety enough my bladder reminds me of my primal need to piss.

... I forgot to relieve myself before I left my apartment. God dammit. With my senses once again back to reality after being off in lala land for who knows how long, the faint scent of Fei and Xer-Ren is rather nice. Even though I'm only holding in a moderate amount of pee my pussy twitches and I begin to feel horny, as I normally do when I have some in the tank.

Fuck.

Normally it would be fine but in this instance, being aroused is more annoying than satisfying. Making a memorable first impression by peeing my pants? Yeah I'd never hear the end of that. It'd be hot though...

Gah. Stop it me.

I shift my weight around slightly as I take another sip of my drink, the sensation of the soothing liquid running down my throat only makes things worse. My loins ache as I try my hardest to not let my situation appear on my face. It's really aggravating... but it's also turning me on because of course it is. My tight leather jeans aren't helping either.

I'm making a mountain out of a molehill aren't I? I can just excuse myself for a few minutes, I'm sure there's a bathroom on the ship. I'm an idiot. A dumb horny idiot but still.

Just when I encourage myself mentally enough to stand up though, Braun walks into the ship all cool and swag-like. He drops his bag down on an empty lounge chair and nods at everyone. Just when I think he's about to talk to us... he heads to the back of the ship instead.

What? Oh.

I spent about fifteen seconds being hella confused until I hear the toots and shoots that his butt is no doubt producing now. In fact it's so loud that you'd swear he was taking a dump right in front of us. Fei just blushes for some reason while I just have a dumbfounded look on my face.

"Filthy mongrel..." I hear Xar-Ren mutter under his breath, probably too quiet for a human to hear, I'd assume anyway.

But who knows, I've literally never heard anyone shit so loudly, it's still going. My god. My bladder is more uncomfortable than ever as I wonder how the fuck we can even hear him when he's probably close to fifty feet away from us. Maybee he really does just poop louder than an... elephant. Yeah that makes sense...

"Is he... alright?" Fei's eyes are wide open as she leans in towards me.

"How am I supposed to know?!" I blurt out in a whisper.

But yeah we just sit there in silence for a couple minutes, giving me the excuse to fidget under the guise of him making me squirm but really it's just my bladder. Braun's fartfest still goes strong and eventually stops shortly afterward. Thank the gods that don't exist because you'd think he was dying or something.

He comes out a few minutes later looking exactly the same as he did when he went in, like nothing ever happened.

"Did you wash your hands?" I naturally quip as he stands before us again.

I should have kept my mouth shut. Why do I always say something so stupid and act like it's the funniest joke ever? Gah.

"Why would you ask something like that?" He sighs as he lights up a cigarette. I just scolded myself for that buddy.

"It's a valid question from the young lady." Xar-Ren stares coldly with his arms crossed, clearly not happy. "We could hear your gastric rumblings throughout the entirety of the vessel."

That comment makes him look away awkwardly from us, or maybe just Fei I can't tell.

"Sorry ladies." He apologizes as he shuffles his already wild hair with his hand. "I had way too much to eat last night."

Fei simply chuckles lightly, she seems to be back to normal. As for me well I'm still kinda out of it but whatever.

Oh yeah, piss. Again.

"You're just going to ignore me?" Xar-Ren still looks like... the angry alien that he is.

"I have nothing to say to a follower of that... false prophet." Braun speaks as casually as ever as he pours himself a drink from the bar.

"What was that?!" Xar-Ren stands up so violently that I'm surprised his chair doesn't fall over. "You and that immoral witch would be nothing without The Archdeacon's superior guidance and grace!"

The two of them glare at each other intensely. Is this really happening? Is a fight really about to break out within the first half hour of us meeting? No freaking way...

This is probably a good time for me to go to the bathroom, hopefully it doesn't still stink like however it did when Braun dropped his anal bombs in there. Watching these two men punch each other in the gut over and over again may be too much for me to handle while my pussy is screaming for relief.

As I stand up, a black shadowy hand calmly presses itself atop Xar-Ren's left shoulder.

"Please limit your grudges to just words until after the mission is over." Kastor's cold emotionless voice is almost enough to make everyone shudder.

"Aww come on Ani-ki..." In contrast a joyful playful tone comes up from behind his torn robes, Carrots is seemingly standing on the side of his waist. "Let the... emotional mortals have their fun. You have to respect their short lives for what they are you know?"

Kastor simply clicks his tongue as Carrots hops off and follows him closely like a lost kitten, laughing about something all the while. Are the two of them friends? I can't really tell. Their personalities are so different from each other it's hard to believe how casually and freely the rabbit is speaking to him.

"Are you going somewhere?" Fei tilts her head and asks me a question as I'm snapped back to reality.

"Oh yeah..." Now it's my turn to get all red in the face. "Nature calls. I was waiting for Braun to get out and then well all of that happened..."

My knees would literally be shaking if I weren't standing right now.

"You could have gone while I was in there," Braun actually shows a slightly different emotion for once, one of concern... or pity? I dunno. "There's two private privies back there."

Vaine, The Fucking Idiot, strikes again. I should just rename this entire arc to that- wait what am I saying? I quickly excuse myself and make my way to the rear of the ship. There are indeed two of them. However, when I enter one it's almost like a scene out of a wet dream nightmare.

There's nothing in here to piss or shit in. What? All that's here is a sink and a mirror. The sliding door hisses shut and locks itself behind me as I inadvertently press my ass up hard against it.

Inside is... what I can only describe as a robotic see-through snake-like appendage. It is floating in the air like I'm some sort of snake charmer, just swaying back and forth. It's like a bigger version of those revolting yet arousing poop suckers from The Citadel's toilet seats, in fact I think that's exactly what it is. I can almost see the cute cartoony eyes of the "sentient serpent" staring at me right now, asking me to drop my pants.

It doesn't say anything of course but it's movements are eerily life-like, hence the serpentine comparisons that I keep making.

My urethra loosens up slightly and I have to manually clench my vaginal muscles. I'm going to leak really soon if I don't actually get started. This sucks... but I'm pretty sure my panties are already slightly damp from my horny and pathetic state.

I unbuckle my jeans and let them slide partway down my legs. It takes almost all of my willpower for me to hold onto my depressurized bladder, I just want to relieve this stress built up inside my privates.

Fuck, this feels so bad and good. I want to masturbate so badly. It feels like it's been forever since I've touched myself while pissing.

Shit...

I slowly pull down my gray underwear from the sides and abruptly stop once my pubic fur is exposed and breathe in deeply. Why do I do so? I'm not sure, I'm just sexually torturing myself at this point. The desire to wee in my undies is so strong but I resist somehow. My clitoris is on fire and she's begging me to give her some attention.

The automated clear plastic snake's head analyzes my lower body, slips itself inside the front of my panties and makes its way to my pee hole. I feel it start to suckle on my urethra like a babe on its mother's tit and I cover my mouth with both hands and moan as quietly as I can.

"Fuuuuckkk..." My piss gushes out of me so hard that it hurts, but it feels erotic even more so.

I don't have the self control anymore, not now. As the synthetic serpent begins to chug my hot golden shower down its throat, I rub my clitoris roughly while still holding my mouth shut with my free hand. My panties instantly get drenched in girlcum as my pee keeps spraying out of me. I start to fantasize that someone could easily be watching me, the thought makes my sex drive feel as though it's on fire.

"Mm, f-f-f-fuuck, fuck, fu-uuu-ck..."

I can barely keep my voice down, I'm breathing through my nose heavily as I practically suffocate myself with my hand while masturbating furiously. The thought of getting caught is such a huge turn on as my legs continue to shake and my heart pounds faster. I can hear the tube suckling sounds, the lewd sloshing of my fingered pussy, my nasty piss being forced out of me and my muffled moans of pleasure are my entire world right now. I can hear it all so clearly.

The feeling of urinating during a self-love session is just the greatest, the only thing better is peeing during sex. The fact that I can't stop is intoxicating, my vaginal juices are just leaking out of me quickly now as I keep imagining a faceless voyeur peeping on me. I'm a horny little whore, the snake is a big cock and I'm in heat.

My legs give out, but I'm still standing. If I didn't have the support of the door and the tentacle'd piss sucker, I'd probably fall down. My ass is somehow thick enough to hold my weight... ahh ahh fuck...

As my cunt's inner folds presses against the robot's smooth exterior, it's tip almost goes inside me like a synthetic cock. That light teasing is enough to send me over the edge.

"Ahhhhh-hhh-haaaa!"

I refuse to hold back any longer and I cum hard. The feeling is so overwhelming as I climax that it makes me wish I could piss forever. I squirt all over my legs and inner thigh, as well as the robotic snake that is still draining my bladder.

"F-fuuuck..."

I can't even think clearly, the ecstasy is so much that my body goes limp. It takes about another twenty seconds for the last few drops of urine to be extracted from my pussy. Once it's done, the artificial tube slips out of my half-pulled down panties and my ass plops to the warm floor.

"I... have never... seen anything... like that..." I pant like a horny bitch as I whisper aloud to myself. "These Creator bathrooms just keep getting more and more perverted. Or maybe that's just me..."

My mind is so hazy and clouded right now. But at the very least I feel better, no more arousing pressure in my bladder. It feels so empty and the stress that I've built up for today has completely vanished. I have a slight smile on my face, probably just an after effect from my orgasmic daze. That felt so good.

Anyway, I don't sit on my bare butt with my pants pulled down for long, I quickly put my underwear back in place and wipe my sticky thighs clean with nearby toilet paper, I didn't notice that was there before, phew. Regardless I stand up and pull up my pants before washing my hands like a good girl.

Afterwards I head back out and notice that Fei and Braun are sitting side by side talking at the bar, while Carrots and Xar-Ren are discussing something else on the other end of the lounge. Kastor is just sitting down in a corner alone, near the cockpit's entrance, with his eyes closed. Looks like the social circles have already been set. Also we've already taken off, I can see that we're zooming through hyperspace right now from my slight view of the cockpit and I didn't even feel it while in the washroom.

Braun and Fei are the first ones to notice me and I manage to smile lightly.

"Feel better I hope?" Fei seems a lot more relaxed, I dunno how much she's drank so far but her current glass is more than half empty.

"Yeah." I scratch my cheek casually. "Did you guys hear me too or no?"

Fei just tilts her head awkwardly. "Nah, just the uhh, steady rushing of liquid..."

"The acoustics of this ship's plumbing system must be faulty to some degree." Braun states neutrally while inhaling a puff.

Ahh okay. So they heard me take a long hard piss but not my loud moaning masturbating session? That's... not as embarrassing as it could have been I guess. Regardless I sit down near Kastor but not too close. I take a quick glance at him and notice something... peculiar. This is also the first time that I'm noticing... he's shorter than he normally is... and I cannot spot where the bottom of his robes end and legs begin.

"Is their something you'd like to ask me?" Kastor still has his eyes closed but clearly he noticed my curiosity, of course he did. I cannot even imagine how insane his perception is.

"N-No. Sorry for staring that was rude of me." I try to back pedal, even though his voice is surprisingly normal and calm.

"It's fine. You wouldn't be the first and you won't be the last." His speech patterns are mentor-like and philosophical, it's kind of hard to describe.

But I guess everything is hard to describe today hmm?

"You're just uhh, not what I expected." Drat I may have said too much.

"I'm simply the most efficient Reaper that exists." Kastor opens his eyes. "If that makes me the villain for most of us then so be it."

"Aniki may look like evil incarnate but he's a really nice guy." Carrots somehow appeared next to me without me even noticing and I almost jump off of the bench. "His body didn't take to the Reaper Core well so, he has to hold himself together with his dark magic constantly these days. On the plus side he never has to sleep again though, he's like a ghost or a lich or something."

"Carrots..." Kastor's tone immediately shifts. "Could you not assault my ears with your silly nicknames during a mission, for the thousandth time? besides I'm not an undead spirit, I am very much alive."

"Aww come on bro we're all friends here." Carrot's happy tone doesn't leave his mouth. "Besides, the newbies should see that we're approachable and friendly."

"We are neither of those things." Kastor scolds him like a child.

"You've known each other a while hmm?" I have to hold back a light laugh.

"Oh yeah sister." Carrots eyes are now glued to me. "We grew up together. The fact that we're both Reapers is literally thanks to the gods themselves."

"I didn't know that, sorry." I apologize again. I really don't know much of anything about anyone outside of my... original Reaper friends.

Kastor almost opens his mouth to speak but Carrots beats him to the punch. "We lived on a violent world where deer and rabbit anthros were at war with humans for centuries. When all three races finally did reconcile we had tech that was probably only a couple decades more advanced than yours on Earth. I looked up your home planet, hope I didn't overstep."

"Nah it's alright." I manage to laugh lightly this time. "Your friendship just seems... really unique."

"We're not friends."

"Yes it is."

They both reply at the same time and I chuckle again. I think you can deduce who said what by this point.

"Now that we're all being merry and drinking, well most of us." Xer-Ren stands up after setting an empty glass onto a nearby table. "Let's discuss the mission in more detail shall we?"

Everyone pretty much agrees but me, so we all sit around in a circle and talk about mostly what we already know, just to reaffirm in our minds what our assignment is. It's mostly the information I said before, with some differences.

"What do we know about the planet itself?" Braun steps in so I guess I have to go into more detail.

"Well... as I said it's a cold desert wasteland outside of the cities. The air is very thin and unbreathable, the sand is all tainted gray from poison and millions of years of solar radiation. It's tidally locked to its green host star. The twenty three domed cities on its surface are arranged in a straight line on the planet's Temperate zone, so all the cities are constantly seeing the sun halfway set on the horizon. There's also factories and mines outside of the settlements which harvest and create various resources for the local economy, I don't know many specifics yet other than they only export about fifteen percent of what they retrieve."

God I feel like I spoke forever. Blech.

"A green sun? That's quite rare isn't it?" Fei asks inquisitively.

"It fuses mostly Boron instead of Hydrogen, giving it a sickly hue." Xer-Ren speaks up. "They are indeed very rare. But as such they last only a fraction of the time that normal stars do. It'll turn into a blue dwarf in probably around 34 million years or so."

We all turn our heads in surprise at Xer-Ren's knowledge. I mean yes I knew that too but still.

"What?" it's Xer-Ren's turn to look annoyed, again. "Did you all assume I was just some kind of brute with no brain function?"

"I mean yeah kind of." Braun retorts.

"Oh fuck off." Xer-Ren sounds angry but he seems used to Braun's insults by now so he's honestly rather calm.

Fei and I just laugh honestly. This is probably the start of a beautiful friendship between the two rival men. Or a gay love story. Hey I don't judge that'd be kinda hot. Ahem... yeah I'm moving on now.

"Don't forget that the crime rate on the fourth world of the Galletron Five Star System is really high. Father already said it but I don't want you girls anywhere near combat. Do I make myself clear?" Kastor sounds like he's scolding us but I also hear the worry in his voice.

"Yes sir."

Fei and I reply almost at the exact same moment.

"Good. We'll be there in about thirty three hours. Be sure you are all well rested before we get there."

We all just kind of disperse again after that.

Carrots heads back to the cockpit and I hear him cursing lightly under his breath for the first time.

"Fuck, the auto-pilot is one two thousandths of a percent off from our actual destination. Looks like I'll have to guide it manually."

Carrots sits down in the pilot seat which is surprisingly the perfect size for his small body and he takes the wheel of the ship, so to speak. Without even saying anything else he starts playing music from some button he presses.

Rebel of the Laundry.mp3

Honestly it's a hella good song, if a little silly. Okay it's a lot silly.

"Do you really have to play that crap now?" Kastor sighs as he checks in on us. "I swear you've listened to all those songs a million times by now."

"Hey man, if I'm going to do some tedious shit like guiding the starship slightly every twenty minutes then I'm gonna listen to my rock n roll." Carrots retorts with a snort.

"Fine. Just keep us on course. I don't want to lose precious time." Kastor leaves us without another comment.

Man. This mission is gonna be alot of fun. I hope at least. The anthros and aliens with me are all rather odd and strange. Kinda like me I suppose.

Anyway, I don't have to go into much detail about what happens next. Carrots and I listen to his entire playlist, which he lets me have on my micro tablet. Pretty nice of him honestly. Although I'm pretty sure Carrots will comply with nearly anything, within reason. The next thirty three hours go by like you'd expect, I sleep, piss a few times, shower twice, eat some food. Life stuff you know?

Anyway, when we get to the planet's surface it has a strange beauty to it in a way.

It's pretty much as I described. But seeing an alien world for the first time... is awesome. I won't bore you with the long and tedious process we had to go through to get inside the capital. You just need to know that a lot of protocols and red tape were annoying and shit but they eventually let us through when they realized I was just a spoiled rich kid, well according to my cover at least.

When we got inside the city, I should have been cautious as we were warned to be. But I wasn't.

We had to leave our ship behind at the hanger, which was fine. But when we got out to the local transports, basically flying taxis, there was already two of them waiting for us when we hadn't booked them ahead of time. We didn't think anything of it though.

Fei, Carrots and I got into one and everyone else went into the other. By the time we noticed that something was wrong and we weren't going to our destination it was already too late. Someone, somewhere must have thought that we were just three naïve hedge fund heirs that were way over our heads with inexperience. We were forced out of the car near what I can only describe as a shady warehouse. Dozens of aliens and anthros alike with guns surrounded it like some kind of mafia fortress.

"Kill the rabbit and take the girls to the boss, so he can inspect the merchandise himself." A gross fat man, one of the few who was unarmed, grinned lustfully at us.

Fei was scared as she held onto my arm. But I was fucking angry.

*096*2024-03-10 08:55

Well here it is lol.

Sorry for the delay, real life has been really shitty. As I said weeks ago this chapter was almost done... I just didn't have the time to write it or the desire to. But alas here it is and I hope you enjoy my new characters as much as I do, even if they'll only be in a few chapters probably. I estimate Vaine's first mission will take about four chapters maybe five but I've been wrong before lol.

I know this chapter is mostly exposition but the next chapter will have a shit ton of action in it so I hope that makes up for it.

I'm excited to share these characters with you. Kastor has been in my head for almost a year and Carrots was just randomly made one day and I thought "wow he'd make a cool character" so here we are lol. The other three characters may be kind of generic but I'll do my best to give them their own spin very soon.

Lastly, as you may have noticed, this is the first chapter with a song. One can make original copyright free music with AI now and it's freaking awesome. This was just a silly song I made and my first attempt at a hard rock/metal song so lol.

I look forward to writing more music and many many more chapters in the future. For now I hope you enjoy. I cannot give an ETA for the next chapter since real life is really unpredictable and until that settles down I honestly don't know when it'll be out. But I'll do my best to get it out as soon as I can.

I hope you'll all enjoy my accidental Guardians of the Galaxy knock off in this mission xD.

~Much Love, Vaine Steele

*097*2024-04-10 04:03

Just so you all know, my life has gotten alot less hectic after a rough couple of months. I should be able to write consistently again.

I estimate the next chapter will be out in early May but I guess we will see.

Hope you all are having a great year so far and thanks for sticking around so far. 😛

~Vaine Steele

*099*2024-05-26 17:03

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

How's the next chapter coming along?

}}

Not to well sadly, life has been very busy lately. Not sure when I'll get around to it but I will as soon as I'm able to.

*101*2024-05-26 18:32

{{43 minutes ago, orangelion said:

Alright then, good luck!

}}

I apologize for the delay. I'm not going to give an "exact date" for chapter 18 as I don't wanna set up further times that I'll miss but rest assured, I'm not giving up on this story.

Even if there is abit of a break period right now lol.

