Vaine, Goddess of Death, Sexual/Peeing Adventures Throughout the Multiverse (Insanely Long Story) - Page 4

Author: Vaine Steele

*081*2023-11-29 06:30

Heya all. So it's been almost one year since I started this story. How time flies lol.

Regardless the story will gain a bunch of steam now so I hope you're prepared. 😛

For this chapter, I wanted to end it kind of like how a Light Novel ends. For those who've read them, you'd know they usually include a quick blurb of the author thanking fans and his staff and whoever else, while also providing their personal insights into their work. I thought it'd be a cool idea if we actually saw Vaine from time to time at the end of each Volume, so we'll see how this goes.

For those wondering yes I do have indeed have a long ass timeline planned out. Not every little thing of course that'd be impossible for a mortal like me but lol. One day we may catch up to this point in Vaine's life, maybe. Even if we don't, it gives you the audience, a chance to meet two characters who were only in my head up until this point. (The pic of Alya is so damn cute even if her right hand is abit see-through. 😞 ) And it also may reveal a bit more about distant plotlines and possibilities.

I don't consider this story to be a fan-fiction one but who knows if I write stories where Vaine fights Sith Lords and Dragon Ball Z characters I guess it will become one technically lol.

Thank you all so much for the support, I appreciate all of you. I hope you'll continue on this journey for me. We're about to go on a rather wild ride.

~Much Love, Vaine Steele

EDIT: P.S. I only now just realized that I forgot to have a scene with Axel in this chapter. Oops lol. No worries it'll show up in the next one. Probably. Unless I forget again like a dummy.

*083*2023-12-04 23:47

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

Well, Star Wars does state that is takes place in a galaxy far far away. So you could conceivably make Vaine visit a far away galaxy and make it canon

}}

It's more kind of like Rick and Morty logic, with infinite universes everything is canon with everything so anything is possible to connect with anything. What makes the story matter is Vaine herself and what is important to her is important to me and to the readers, that's the hope at least.

And yeah Vaine's present life is rather peaceful. I legit have so much to tell before we get to that exact point but yeah.

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

I also love Vaine's human form.

}}

Same. She can technically have any form she wants to at a certain point in the story but she almost always prefers to be anthro or human. I could write "filler" with her being an elf or an orc or any of the countless trillions of alien species but that's not something on the agenda right now lol.

She's mostly just in her foxmorph or human forms because those are what I find most attractive personally. I'm sure some people can find some humanoid aliens to be sexy but I'm not one of them really lol.

*085*2024-01-09 09:32

Act II: The Art of War

Interlude II: The Gray Dragoons Return

'Why? Why was I chosen for this?'

A young soldier cursed within his heart as he walked down a bright white hallway. He knew his purpose, he was well aware that he was just another disposable minion whom nobody would take an interest in. He lived under the overbearing shadow of death everyday. Such feelings of fear were not new to him, in fact they were normal.

And yet, he wanted to live for as long as possible. His only desire was to enjoy life in the brief moments of solace that he had. This made sense of course, for the boy was indeed human, even if his humanity was never acknowledged by anyone but himself. Such existences were all too commonplace here, as it had been for generation upon generation.

He couldn't disobey orders, for that would get him slain faster than literally anything else. There was no escape, no fortress of solitude to run to. He always felt trapped, it's just that today he was forced into an inescapable corner, one which he didn't know how to overcome. No god would answer his internal pleas for help, at least none that would listen to him. He was truly and utterly on the footsteps of despair, yet he had no choice but to keep pressing forward.

He had terrible news that he had to deliver to an even more deplorable man. His fellow comrades, if you could even call them that, forced the task onto him. So here he was, briskly moving down a mostly empty hallway that felt so much longer than it actually was.

'Calm down' He told himself. 'I can do this. I'll just meet him, deliver the news as neutrally as possible and excuse myself. Simple.'

Despite his inner assurances, he didn't feel confident in the slightest. Alas his time to think was up and he soon found himself in front of a large doorway, guarded by two armed men. They stopped him with a simple hand gesture.

"I bring word from The Archdeacon, news which The Elder needs to hear as soon as possible."

The two grunts simply looked at each other, then at him, and shrugged.

"Go on ahead, but be quick about it." The helmeted footman said as he opened the door with an access code.

The young man nodded and walked into the room, which was initially even more obnoxiously blinding than the hallway surprisingly enough. But what was more shocking was the smell. A very sweet and pleasant scent permeated this inner space, one that the boy had never experienced before. He realized he was in a garden and that he must be smelling the various flowers and other flora that were flourishing around him.

For a very brief moment, the young lad truly felt what the experience of peace must be like. But then he quickly remembered exactly where he was and why he was here and the involuntary smile retreated from his lips. In the middle of the garden was a simple greenhouse with a sliding door. Inside was a singular human-shaped figure. That must be him.

He opened the sliding door as silently and respectfully as possible before he was able to see the man clearly.

A rather averagely built person with light purple hair and a trimmed beard was tending to his flowers. He donned a simple dark leather jacket and jeans. He was also humming a pleasant folksy song that the cadet didn't recognize at all. If any normal people were to glance at him they'd likely assume that he was just some college dropout, or maybe an experienced mechanic or a ruffian biker of some sort.

But the soldier knew beyond a shadow of a doubt the kind of god whom he was standing before, so he quickly got down on one knee. Nevertheless the man kept whistling his song and trimming his flowers, while paying no heed to him. It was almost like he didn't even exist. The young man began to sweat profusely as the atmosphere quickly turned dire even though a single word hadn't yet been exchanged between them.

'This is bad. Is he testing me or does he really not know I'm here? No no, of course he knows, he's our Creator after all.'

The messengers thoughts became tangled and rapid. Should he speak up or should he wait? He did not know the answer but he made a quick decision regardless.

"E-Excuse me, my lord Elder?" The boy began. "I bring news from The Archdeacon."

The Elder stopped whistling instantly as the head of a purple lily he was pruning fell to the ground. He halted his work for a few seconds and sighed before moving on.

"Well, clearly you have some other place to be..." The Elder spoke rather casually and yet his voice was strangely charismatic. "Well? What is it son?"

The young man's knee began to ache violently from him pressing it into the metallic floor so hard, yet he stayed down anyway.

"I regret to inform you that- that The Baron has been killed." The soldier stopped speaking for a moment before continuing. "The Archdeacon claims that The Gray Dragoons are responsible. He's recommending that you a-and every other council member gather at The Citadel for your safety. War is coming and will soon be upon us."

He did it, he said what he had to say. But he had no time to feel relief.

"The Baron... is dead? So they've finally returned..." The Elder stops looking at his flowers and sets his eyes on the trembling young man for the first time as he stands up and puts his clippers away. "Interesting. That fat ass motherfucker was always an eyesore... but he was also very a very capable man, unfortunately. I guess not anymore though, damn. Shit."

"My lord?" The soldier's natural response to such a brazen reply overwhelmed his senses, an utterance which he regretted almost instantly as he made eye contact with him.

The Elder was smiling in a rather normal yet unsettling way. If he noticed how frightened the soldier before him was, he didn't show it, or even care for that matter.

"Do you know what the meaning of our fragile existence is? It seems so fucking natural for life in our galaxy to just... slip away. Our gift of immortality that we occasionally bestow upon the masses is a rare one indeed."

"My only purpose my lord is to serve you... and to bring true peace and security to the species under us who earn it." The nerve wracked man spoke clearly this time.

The Elder's slight smile disappears into a neutral expression as he begins to walk slowly around the conservatory. The greenhorn pup follows him around without a word, making sure to make as little noise as possible.

"That's what we tell everyone, sure." The Elder's mannerisms don't change but yet he somehow sounds more serious. "But that's simply one of the outcomes that our final goal will accomplish."

The Elder stared at him intently, making sure he was listening and then continued. "What is the one thing that everyone wants, regardless of who they are? It's something so damn basic and yet... so fleeting, much like the beauty of the garden before you."

"I suppose it'd be... happiness?" The young man clearly didn't understand the question, since The Elder looks at him with a disapproving expression. It takes everything he has to not jitter violently from his pulsing nerves and racing heart.

"Again with the basic bitch of an answer." The Elder sighs again. "I suppose it's not your fault, you have such a limited perspective after all."

He pauses for about a minute while still aimlessly wandering around. He waters some of the plants and briefly checks on them, almost as if he's deliberately raising the tension in the room.

"You feel that?" The Elder's charismatic aura is gone. "Does it please you? Of course not."

The new recruit was even more confused, until he realized just how agonizingly uncomfortable he was. He nodded almost involuntarily and kept his head down.

Yet more brief time passes. The greenhorn soldier swears that they've gone around the small warehouse multiple times but he dare not speak until The Elder did, not again.

"You've realized it yourself now." The Elder smiled softly again. "Comfort. That is the truest and most pure desire of anyone who has gained this... curse of consciousness."

He approached the young man, while asking him to raise his head.

"Do you have it within you to aid me in achieving this goal or are you going to betray me one day?" The self proclaimed god's gaze was so intense that the boy felt so small by comparison.

"I am your loyal servant. My life is yours." Somehow he stood his ground.

"Well yes I suppose you would be." The Elder began to chuckle lightly. "You're not an idiot after all."

The soldier smiled for probably the first time since meeting The Elder. A grin which lasted a mere moment and yet...

"Sorry but I don't need another dog."

The young man's vocal cords suddenly felt heavy and he wasn't sure he'd even be able to speak.

"I need wolves."

The young man couldn't even scream as his feet were held in place and his skin began to turn into wood rapidly. His fingertips began to dry out and crack yet not a drop of blood was spilled.

"You need not worry though, you have the honor of being ridden of the curse of life from someone such as me."

His entire body flared with intense pain as roots and sprouted leaves began to crawl out of every orifice of his masculine frame. He soon lost his sight but could still hear just fine, the sound of an ever growing weald shifted and sprung like caustic worms within him. They would be the last song he would ever listen to.

"My flora will be fertilized by your leftovers and you will finally achieve a state of blissful non-existence."

He could feel several stabs of his organs being torn apart from the inside out as his bones cracked and crumbled. He couldn't even scream in agony despite being in a state of absolute hell. The Last thing he experienced was an immense pressure on his skull, before he completely faded away.

The Elder looked at the standing corpse before him before it started to disintegrate into ash.

"What a god damn unpleasant experience that was." Now that The Elder was alone he began talking to himself. "He wasn't even worthy of becoming plant food. Shit. You've really got to stop saying that line and come up with something else, like for real. So lame."

He continued muttering for a few minutes, before he calmly walked out of his well lit garden and into his hanger, where his personal black ship awaited him. He didn't speak to anyone else. Once he had taken off into space he refused to look back as the space station, where he lived out hundreds of his years, self-destructed in a brilliant bluish green explosion.

"Sorry lads but I can't have The Gray Dragoons finding this place, especially him." The Elder nearly sneered. "Can't have any more info on us leaking out. What a pain in the fucking ass."

"I really am going to miss that conservatory though..."

~~Elsewhere in the Galaxy~~

A blaring and overpowering alarm swept through the entire vessel. The sole Creator onboard didn't even have the time to be irritated by it, as It was the first time he heard it on this ship. This distress signal meant one thing and one thing only. Something, somewhere must have gone horribly wrong and The Council was contacting him to inform him of an emergency situation.

His hair was unkempt and his dress shirt went unbuttoned, he didn't have a moment to make himself look presentable. As quickly as he could, he sprinted to the comm relay in the back of his craft and turned it on. A man adorned in red robes with long black hair looked at him sternly, like a parent about to discipline their child. However, The Creator knew that The Archdeacon's harsh glare wasn't directed towards him, not this time.

"Father, we have a problem." The Archdeacon said clearly. "Come to The Citadel with your Reapers immediately. Your life is in danger."

"What's happened?" Father spoke anxiously and genuinely, there was no hiding their true emotions from each other, not now.

"The Baron has been killed. The Gray Dragoons have revealed themselves... and we have nowhere reliable to run this time. We must fight and purge them from this galaxy once and for all. Justice shall finally come to these fucking traitors."

"How? When?" Father was stunned. His mind was racing more so than usual which was very rare.

"About eighty hours ago." The Archdeacon shows a still frame from a video on screen. The two men knew instantly who they were looking at.

The Baron. A... shall we say fairly rounded man was staring down a brutish and massively buff looking bull anthro, who was standing below him on a stone bridge. They were surrounded by flames and a mostly obliterated undead legion, The Baron didn't like to keep company with the living. At his back a huge castle was erected, carved from white stone that was now mostly in ruins.

"Ozaj..." Father's lips trembled, it really was him. "Shit."

The Archdeacon started the video and almost immediately The Baron began to speak.

"So... the miserable gutter rat has finally come out of his shitty hole?" He taunted. "Pathetic worm. I shall deal with you here and now."

Ozaj pointed straight at the obese sultan and loudly bellowed. "Your reign of terror is at an end... Baron. The poor innocent souls that you've mistreated shall finally be set free."

"Come at me then!"

Ozaj ran up the stairs and closed the nearly fifty foot gap between them in an instant. He threw a flurry of thirty to forty punches per second and despite The Baron's appearance he was moving just as swiftly as Ozaj was. Each blow that these superpowered men exchanged was easily powerful enough to bring down a skyscraper that you'd find on Earth, maybe even stronger.

They both yelled furiously as multiple sonic booms tore through the atmosphere, shifting and bending the very landscape around them as they dashed and flew around the battlefield. Ozaj was slammed through dozens of trees in a nearby forest because of one hit that he failed to block, while The Baron was blown through his castle with another. The Baron sent a ray of fire towards Ozaj just as he expelled a beam of bright lightning. These unfathomable powers clashed midair and cancelled each other out with a massive colorful explosion and neither participant seemed worse for wear for it.

Mere minutes after their fight had started, they weren't slowing down, if anything their spar became even more furious than before. Neither of them were letting up and to an outside observer it seemed like they were evenly matched. They were starting to breathe heavier and sweat profusely but aside from that they showed no signs of fatigue.

The fight carried on, through mountains and valleys and forests and swamps, until they both looped back to the ruined castle grounds once again. Ozaj managed to land three crushing blows that were infused with yellow lightning soon after, causing The Baron to slam vertically into his already toppled keep and presumably through the deep ground. This sent out a massive catalyst of debris all around him before the camera stopped.

"That was the last transmission from his security network. Two of my most trusted disciples went to his planet and found nothing but a massive crater at his former home, with The Baron's headless corpse smackdab in the middle of it." The Archdeacon explained.

"Why wasn't I informed earlier?" Father looked angry but The Archdeacon didn't care.

"I informed The Council first. You're the first Creator I've contacted outside of us, be thankful. I had to confirm what happened for myself, we only received the video nineteen hours ago."

Father hadn't felt these emotions in a long time. Fury flowed in his veins, along with primal fear... and the knowledge of an opportunity. This war would make or break them, sure. But this was also the perfect chance to show that his Reapers were the ultimate loyal soldier. Maybe he wouldn't have to kill the foolish Council after all. And if he could win the war with his enemy Creators and Gray Dragoons dead it would be the perfect outcome.

He felt as though the universe was offering him a hand, something which hadn't happened in ages. Not since-

"My investigators found that The Baron had files on almost every Creator. We can't be certain that Ozaj doesn't have them now. Honestly it feels as though The Baron was scheming on his own with someone outside of our knowledge but we obviously will never know now."

"So Ozaj knows that I'm here? On Earth?" Father's facial expression immediately shifted.

"Possibly. Again get to The Citadel, bring as many of your artificial bodyguards with you as you want. We don't have time to argue."

With that, The Archdeacon ended the transmission. Even though Father was worried sick he couldn't help but smile and laugh as he sat down for a moment and downed a quick shot of a bourbon-like beverage. What he felt at that moment no one could know.

"Ozaj..." His tone was one of great contempt but also sorrow. "Welcome home... Brother. I'll send you to hell myself."

A handful of minutes later, just as Father was leaving his ship and setting out to gather his Reaper fledglings, he heard another alarm. However this one was automated... and common.

"Warning! Unidentified object approaching! Calculating..." His vessel's AI chirped.

But before he could really react, he looked up towards the morning sun and saw someone flying through the clouds, with a sparking yellow trail left behind him.

Father didn't even have time to curse before the assailant easily blew through his personal vessel and it crashed into the megastructure below them...

*086*2024-01-09 09:52

Chapter 16: Here At The End of All Things

Ugh... my head. Where am I? Everything is so dark. Also I'm naked for some reason, gotta love that.

"Child of Earth..."

A rather unsettling feminine and foreign voice echoes through my entire body, yet somehow I don't panic. I see it now... shaded dark trees that touch the sky surround us, just barely visible from their outermost edges. The very ground beneath my feet feels like a liquid yet I don't fall through. I see ripples flow out from my feet wherever I step on it. It is honestly rather disturbing.

In the middle of, wherever I am, there's an elderly hooded woman in purple robes, sitting behind a stone circular table. The light from numerous candles aglow with violet light on said table seem to be the only source of warmth here, so I instinctively sit down across from her.

"I thought I would talk to you now..." The old woman speaks and yet her lips do not move. "But we do not have much time. It passes much slower here but nevertheless I cannot hold onto our spiritual connection for very long."

"Who are you?" I tilt my head in confusion. "And why the fuck am I naked?!"

"I am what my acolytes and fellow Creators call The Matriarch." She explains. "And your appearance here is a reflection of your soul, your soul doesn't wear clothes."

Ahh ok makes sense. Wait no it doesn't why am I here?!

"I'm sure you have many more questions but alas, I cannot answer them, not with the limited time we have." Once again, her mouth doesn't move. Creepy as balls.

"Then why did you bring me here?" I ponder aloud.

"In a word, curiosity my child. I have been observing you and your kin for the past few months. Yet... among all of Father's Reapers, you are unique."

"Gee thanks, I guess." I rub my head awkwardly.

"You may not believe me but I actually want to help you. I sense a powerful force of willpower deep within your very being. We need to bring that energy out of you."

Oof. Cringe. Now that I think about it she's just spewing a bunch of fortune teller gobbilty gook isn't she? What the hell is she even going on about?

"When you awake you will forget that we spoke. But alas you need not worry, we shall meet later today and your memories will return. That is of course if you survive. I can almost always see glimpses of the future and yet yours is so uncertain. I wish you luck child, I truly hope I can see you face to face."

Survive? See the future? What the f-

~~Saturday, March 7th, 2009~~

I cough violently and my eyes sting as I try to open them. God I feel awful and everything hurts. What- what happened to me? My mouth is full of a bitterly dry and revolting taste that I cannot identify. I try to feel around my surroundings and all I can detect... is a thick layer of powdered dust on everything... and positions of objects that make no logical sense to my numbed thoughts.

I wipe the unpleasant dirt from my eyes, whatever it is, and that's when I see it.

I'm surrounded by debris, the megastructure around me is almost completely in ruins. The air is thick with a sickening fog, must be the dust that I can both feel and taste. My fur is bloodied around one leg and areas on my face but I'm alright, whatever wounds I had must have regenerated. However, my eyes shift slightly to the left and I nearly scream.

Toshia is laying there, motionless. The lower half of his body appears to be crushed underneath a massive metal beam and there's blood everywhere. My mind instantly goes blank when I remember that he pushed me out of the way... just as everything came crumbling down.

"Toshia? No no nononono!!" I panic as I run up to him. 'Fuck fuck fuck!"

This looks really bad. Using all of my strength, I pull his upper half away from the debris. All I can hear is the sickening squelching sound of blood popping and organs stretching. I continue to force his body out... I should have given him enough space for him to start regenerating by now. Why isn't he healing?!

I desperately dig through his gaping chest cavity with tears flowing through my eyes... and I cut myself on something. I pull out the offending object... and it's part of a broken core.

This can't be real. I have to be dreaming. This-this isn't possible. He- he can't be-

"Toshia!!!" My vision blurs ever more as the crystal clatters to the ground. "Wake up! Wake the fuck up!!"

The primal part of my brain knows I'm screaming in vain. Yet I continue to pound my fists softly into his shoulder anyway and cry harder than I ever have in my life.

How the fuck did this happen? I thought- I swore that we'd have more time together. My mental gears are a jumbled mess and yet I hear a voice in my head that isn't my own.

'Everyone! Make your way to the emergency escape pods! We're under attack by a powerful foe that we cannot defeat here. Hurry! We've not got much time!' It's Father's voice, speaking to me through telepathy or my core I guess.

I see a GPS of sorts in my AI companion's HUD, a short path that leads somewhere. I don't want to leave Toshia here, every fiber of my being just wants to sit here in this filthy viscera and do nothing. Yet my body moves on its own, seemingly out of instinct and I begin to run as I follow the path laid before me.

It doesn't take long before I meet up with Paisou or rather I see him about thirty or forty feet away from me... and the horrors of the day don't end. He's being chased by someone, a massive bull anthro whom I've never met, that must be the enemy Father was talking about.

'Paisou! Vaine! Keep running! Don't stop!' Father's voice rings in my ears once again.

I see dozens if not hundreds of Omega and Theta Sentinels swarming the invader like some kind of comical multi-person football tackle. But this is no game. They're slowing him down but not by much. He seemingly blows them away with such ease and yet more and more continue to pile onto him. They seem to be nothing more than a distraction but it is buying us valuable time.

We continue to run with all our might, it only takes about twenty seconds before a small wall opens up before us with two small cylindrical pods inside. I make it to the pod first and turn around, Paisou is only a few seconds behind me. He smiles lightly, even though he's covered in filth, as if to say, thank goodness.

We made it.

Or I thought we did. Before I even have time to think, the angry minotaur grabs Paisou from behind by the neck and he says something that completely flabbergasts me. The last thing I see and hear is Paisou's neck snapping and the pod whisks me away.

Something within my soul breaks at that very moment and all I can do is sit down with my knees pressed against my chest and weep softly, it's all that I have the mental strength for. I think I'm safe now, going underground to... somewhere... but I don't actually know.

Toshia...

Gotta practice on something if I'm to get good at patching up injuries. Your ass is just a good place as any to train on.

Have you ever wondered if this... life we're leading is actually our destiny?

Hey V, enjoying the view?

I mostly feel guilty, I thought I was getting through to him. Now I'm not so sure.

Paisou...

You're really cute. Can't say I've ever seen a woman peeing before.

Yeah can... can I touch you too? You know, down there?

I am just gonna head back to my room. I thought I could do this and enjoy naturalism with the rest of you but I just can't. Sorry.

I- I'm in love with you. Told you that you'd think I was selfish...

They're gone. Both of them...

I don't know how much time passes, probably not long, as the pod slides up once again and the cylindrical glass door hisses open. Sorcha and Eris are sitting down and Jason is standing up, while Axel is leaning against a wall.

They're here... the rest of them... are here. I am beyond grateful but I'm also very torn.

"Vaine!" Sorcha runs up to me and hugs me tightly and I continue to cry. "Thank the heavens your safe..."

Father is sitting down some sort of pilot seat. He's talking to someone through comms but all I pick up is a few scarce words like 'gather everyone' and 'citadel'. My mind is much too clouded to pay attention to it. We must be in a small spaceship, one that I've not seen before.

"Why are we leaving?" Jason yells bitterly. "Toshia and Paisou aren't back yet!"

I try to open my mouth to speak but nothing comes out.

"They're already dead." Father says with a neutral tone. "I'm sorry. Ozaj killed them."

"That-that can't be!" Jason stammers. "Turn around and go back! We have to save him!"

"Jason..." My lips tremble. "He's right... Toshia's gone... he protected me... but he's...."

He looks at me with both fury and sadness. But I know he knows the truth. I can see it in his quivering eyes.

"Fuck!! Dammit!" Jason punches a wall to no effect and storms out of the room, or to the back of the ship I guess.

The next little while is a blur, but we're all brought to tears by our grief. We lost two Reapers today. The reality of that hasn't really set in yet, at least for me. Axel and Eris are embracing each other on a small bench while Sorcha and I do the same while sitting on the floor. We just... stay there for a bit. Jason comes back in after a little while, looking pissed and sad all at once as he leans on a free wall with his arms crossed.

We mostly just stay there in silence, until Father begins to speak.

"My personal Alpha Sentinel has just finished making you all a spare set of clothing. I recommend that you all have a shower and come back here once you're clean. Since this is my spare personal craft for emergencies, there's only one bathroom. I trust you will all be as quick as you can. It's not ideal but we need to discuss what comes next as soon as possible, we will have our time to grieve once we're safe. Feel free to grab some food if you'd like as well. It's nothing fancy but it's something."

We talk among ourselves briefly before we decide that I should go first, since I look the most like shit. Gee thanks. I can't deny that they're right though, I'm sure I smell like blood and ass right now.

I walk to where Father instructed me to go, the middle section of the ship is little more than a small kitchen, with a tiny table that can seemingly barely support the seven sets of folded clothes on top of it. To the right of said eating area is a compact sliding door with a simple sink, toilet and standing shower crammed into as little space as possible.

I strip off my dirty clothes without a shred of shame and enter the bathroom, where I can see myself in a mirror. The right part of my forehead, the upper half of my left breast and both of my arms up to my elbows are absolutely caked in blood. I know most of it isn't my own but yeah... I look awful. No shit right?

I step into the shower and clean the dried filth from my fur as quickly as possible. I don't even have the urge to urinate right now as I normally do when I get cleaned up. My head must be fucked up pretty bad.

Once I finish my quick shower, it's only then when I notice that there is no towel in here. Not really paying much mind to it I shake the wetness from my body as best as I can and step outside. Sorcha, Jason and Eris are all back here in the sci-fi break room, not caring in the slightest about my nudity. Sorcha hands me a towel and I thank her as she heads into the bathroom herself.

I dry myself off quickly and find my pile of freshly folded clothes, they have a tag on top of them that says "V." Well, points for efficiency I suppose. I put on the dull gray underwear and bra, for as lame as they look they actually are extremely comfortable and are the exact right size.

I put on the accompanying clothing, which is just a standard black military uniform. Again it fits perfectly.

"Towels are in the cupboard here Vaine." Eris tells me. "You may wanna get one ready for Sorcha."

"Thanks." I grab one and just wait around.

Sorcha comes out fairly soon afterwards looking as sexy as ever and I hand her the towel. Seeing her get dressed afterwards is strange but I guess it'll be the norm now. Wherever we're going I assume she can't be a nudist all the time... anymore.

This process repeats a few times, Jason gets nude, Eris gives him a towel, Eris strips naked, Axel passes her a towel, I don't really have to go into much detail here do I? Good enough.

After we're all squeaky clean and slightly fed we head back to the cockpit where we assume Father is waiting for us. We all sit down in different areas of it, waiting for him to speak. No doubt he has a lot to talk about and my mind is a little more clear right now.

"First of all let me say that my heart bleeds with you." Father laments as he turns to face us, the ship must be on auto-pilot or something. "Toshia had the potential to be one of the greatest scientists within the Reapers ranks and Paisou would have made an excellent spec-ops soldier one day. But besides that you all lost friends... brothers... and lovers. I am truly sorry and it shames me to say that I wasn't prepared for a full on attack like this, you are the first Reapers to not complete your training. I got careless."

"I know you've said that we have many enemies out there in the galaxy," Jason begins. "But I didn't realize they were so powerful... that was one anthro... just one. You called him Ozaj right? Who the hell is he?"

"He was my best friend... and a brother-in-arms." Father's eyes look cold. "He was someone who had my back once. Now he's nothing more than a cowardly traitor. There is much history between us but it would take many hours to explain it all right now. Regardless the latest war with him and his followers that call themselves The Gray Dragoons has begun. This will be the last one... and he'll finally receive the hammer of justice that he very much deserves."

"I don't understand how he was so powerful though." I kinda blurt out, oopsie.

"He is a god-like being like myself and the rest of The Creators. We all attained our immortality at the same time from the same source. But nevertheless this isn't what we have to discuss right now."

Makes sense I guess.

"All of the Reapers, The Creators and their personal elite soldiers will be gathered to an impenetrable space station where we'll all be safe for now. We call it The Citadel. There, we can come up with countermeasures and take steps to end The Gray Dragoons once and for all." Father continued.

"How can we be sure that it's safe? They found us on Earth... couldn't Ozaj just track us all again?" Axel ponders.

"The entire core structure and outside shell of the base is made from one of the strongest metal alloys that we know of and it's completely immune to our divine gift of alchemy. The exterior of the station alone took us a few centuries to build. And there's no digital trace of it anywhere in our archives. Even if the Dragoons found it they could not enter, not even someone as powerful as Ozaj could break through its armor." Father replied.

So if they located us we could just hold up inside forever like a castle siege or something? Wouldn't we run out of food and supplies eventually? Ahh whatever, no need to vocalize my concerns, I trust that when Father tells us that it is as secure as possible then it must be true. If only that was the case with our former home...

We don't ask anymore questions for awhile, as Father went onto explain a bunch of things. I'll do my best to summarize it here. He starts off by showing us a holographic projection of the entire Citadel. It basically just looks like a giant space pyramid, mostly.

It has nine levels or "zones" if you will, whatever you wanna call them. The hanger and most of the exterior security is on level six, level seven is where robots and other autonomous amenities are stored and repaired, as well as being a sort of jack-of-all-trades maintenance floor. Like it's also where trash is gathered and dumped and there's a place to wash clothes, miscellaneous shit like that.

The eighth level contains most of our supplies that are stockpiled, everything from extra weapons to food and everything in between I guess. Level nine, the bottom level and one of the smallest besides level one, is a jail where we will keep super powered prisoners of war or rebellious soldiers, assuming we don't outright kill them.

I know I said level a lot but bare with me... there's way more floors to talk about.

Ahem, anyway, level five is I guess where we will live. The private armies of all the creators that are brought onboard will reside here, which means that every Reaper will live in the same place for the first time ever since Father started making us. He shows us a floor blueprint layout and it's basically all what you'd expect, I'm sure I'll go into more detail on it later on.

Father tells us that while all Creators are allied, relationships between them are strained to say the least. So, if fights break out between different soldier factions and these feuds escalate it could be really bad. Father has told us we can defend ourselves if we're attacked but we're forbidden from killing anyone on the base. Not that I'd expect anything different.

Again I'm sure I'll meet all kinds of anthros and aliens but I couldn't care less right now... not today.

Regardless, levels four to one are where all the Creators will live. Level four is for standard Creators, no idea what that means really. High ranking Creators will make their homes on level three. The Council, head honchos of The Creators whom I didn't know existed until now, reside on level two. And you guessed it, the head of the heads lives on level one... by themselves I guess. Father will have his personal quarters on the third level, which means he is indeed a fairly big deal.

But yeah phew I think I'm done with explaining The Citadel for now. We're informed that ID chips will be implanted into our forearms once we land in the hanger, for security purposes. Sounds like fun. We, by that I mean me and my fellow Reapers, will have access to levels five to nine of the base. I guess we can only go up to the Creator's floors if we're invited or something.

Speaking of Creators though, Father firmly warns us to not speak to any of them, especially to someone called The Elder, unless we are spoken to first. This is really important because I guess if we piss off a high ranking Creator, Father won't be able to protect us. I... don't know what to think of that information but ok.

The last thing Father tells us is that this won't be as much of a, shall we say, walk in the park, as our life in the megastructure was. Since almost all of Father's Sentinels were destroyed by Ozaj, the convenience of our life before won't be possible. We won't be able to finish our planned soul consumption, since we left those... juicer pills behind on Earth. Food will be worse, the mass produced androids that every other Creator uses can't do shit with alchemy, so Father tells us to do our absolute best to make sure we clean up after ourselves.

That may have been directed at me since I've pissed in so many beds and outside of toilets countless times, just a hunch. Guess we'll have to do our own laundry too. Icky.

But yeah it'll take Father awhile to build up his Sentinel servants once again, a process which he can't do at The Citadel anyway since the supplies he'd need aren't there. We would probably need to go on missions just to secure some very rare materials if we wanted the convenience of having Sentinels serve us again, even then there wouldn't be enough for everyone for a long ass time.

It's just another reminder that not everything can be produced with alchemy, at least not quickly. Some elements are far too... finicky or unstable to create easily. Not that alchemy is easy mind you, I still suck balls at it but regardless I'm rambling on a bit here.

Point is, I won't be able to get any stronger, power level wise, on the Citadel since I can't kill anyone so... that'll be yet another thing to adjust to. Not like I was taking my skills too seriously to begin with mind you but yeah. I still have over a million unused souls right now so if I need to I'll spend them. For now I'll just keep them until I'm on an assignment or something.

Regardless Father finishes his explanation and we take a break for now. He informs us that it'll take about twelve hours of hyperspace travel for us to arrive at The Citadel. Damn. Guess it's not going to be instantly quick like you see in every Hollywood sci-fi flick.

So... for the next seven hundred and forty minutes there is really not much to do at all. Yeah outside of the cockpit you can see space and there's a small observation window in the kitchen but as beautiful as that is, that's literally all that's out there. What else can I say it's fucking space. Most of us just hang out in the back room, or middle room I guess the actual back room has the engine in it and shit. I could have eaten something but I literally don't feel like it at all. I drink a bit of water but that's really it.

My heart is still feels overwhelmingly heavy at what happened today. It feels like the pain and emotions are clawing and chewing their way out of my chest, and no amount of time will ever take this overwhelming agony away. I was naive. I felt imprisoned by life in the megastructure and yet I want to go back there more than anything right now. But we can't turn back time, such a thing is one science fiction thing that will stay that way.

I could ramble on for awhile as to what went through my head at that time but it's not all that important. Just the usual emo self-loathing bullshit, only this time I actually have a real reason for it.

Hours pass, most of us have used the bathroom at least once but again I have no desire to. I can feel the urine inside my bladder yes but my arousing urge to piss out a river just isn't there. Shocking I know.

Anyway, Father calls us to the cockpit once we exit hyperspace. What I see through the glass kind of blows my fucking mind.

&&

The sight of seeing The Citadel for the first time is nothing short of extraordinary. Calling it grand would be an insult. It's much more impressive than any fake sci-fi shit in films. That is my second Hollywood reference today and probably the last, sorry.

Nevertheless it really does have a certain unparalleled beauty to it that I can't really put into words. We can all easily notice the amount of craftsmanship and dedication that was poured into it, much more so than the hastily constructed megastructure that was our previous home.

Father talks to some security guard through the ship's comms and goes through like a triple verification process of some sort. A massive hanger door opens up rather quickly considering its size and we fly right in and park beside dozens of other similar sized spaceships. We go down so smoothly without so much as a thud, it feels as if we landed on a cloud.

We all step out of the ship about a minute later, the Alpha Sentinel follows Father as well. There are armed guards dressed in dark gray uniforms everywhere who bow to us when we get out. It's only as I get closer to one that I notice they're all creepy looking androids with pale metallic skin and soulless dark eyes. Gross. Anyway this sector of the level is apparently just for Creator ships only. I guess if I were to go on an excursion with a group of soldiers and not have a Creator with me we'd have to leave via another entrance.

The hanger is massive. No shit right? Like the ceiling above us has to be three to five hundred feet into the air at the very least, to accommodate a wide variety of vessels no doubt. Almost all of the metal is black with pale yellow lighting, much like the exterior of The Citadel. That's just fine with me, I'd rather it not be bright as fuck anyway. Despite the dark metallic surface of... everything, it's easy to see every detail perfectly clearly.

After I stop gawking at the architecture, we head to a large door easily about twenty five feet tall and sixty feet wide, before eventually making our way to a small room where we get our ID chips inserted into our arms. It's painful for a mere split second, nothing like the numbing ache deep in my heart right now. We walk along even further down this long ass massive hallway, I don't pay much attention to the dozens of other areas that we pass. After a few minutes we see a single soul waiting for us. Father greets him warmly.

"Hannes. Great to see you my boy." They both smile as they shake hands.

"Father, welcome back." His goofy plastered grin doesn't leave his face. "I assume these are the Reaper Fledglings with you?"

Fledglings? What? Oh cus we didn't complete our training. Right.

"Nice to meet you." He bows lightly to all of us. "My name is Hannes Wyrmskoll, the head administrator for Reapers here at The Citadel. I look forward to working with all of you."

We introduce ourselves to him as well. How can I describe him without being insulting... hmm.

Ok sorry I can't, I'm sure he's a good guy, probably, but the human Reaper before us looks exactly like your stereotypical anime protagonist. I'm sorry but it's true. Short dark brown hair, pretty young face and a slim build, slightly peachy skin. If he didn't have red eyes like the rest of us he'd look just like any other human, indistinguishable from the crowd. I guess the only thing that does make him stand out is the rapier attached to his belt, that must be his personality trait. My bladder almost laughs at him, if it could chuckle instead of wee. I could use a wee right now...

"How's the status on the gathering of all the Reapers?" Father's face turns serious.

"They're almost all on their way." Hannes looks concerned. "But we've confirmed the loss of two others within the last fifteen hours. Kridilk and Suulag's tracking signals vanished within hours of each other. And they were in completely separate star systems at the time."

"Shit." Father curses for the first time ever, I'd be shocked but because of today I'm not really. "So it was a coordinated attack."

"Most likely yes."

"What about Kastor and Gavis? What's their status?" Father probes further.

"Kastor is on his way, he should be here soon. Gavis is still outside of our communication range due to a critical point in his mission... but his signal is still active and mobile."

Hannes speaks so fluently it's like listening to a political speaker. I guess he's known the Reapers that they're talking about for awhile though.

"Bring Kastor to me when he arrives and contact Gavis as soon as possible. We need everyone here to reorganize our priorities quickly." Father commands.

"Yes my lord, it will be done." Hannes bows again.

He takes his leave rather quickly after that, informing us to talk to him in level five's command center if we have any questions or concerns.

We carry on to one of the main elevators after that, which takes us about ten more minutes. My AI Core's GPS is leading me to what I assume are my personal quarters on the level above us. Before we reach them however, there's a middle-aged man with long black hair and he's emanating a powerfully intimidating aura as he appears to be waiting for us just outside of the lifts, along with two of his armed guards.

&&

He folds his hands across his diaphragm and smiles at us. I know instantly how powerful this creator is just from his presence alone, so much so that my bladder twitches. I can practically hear the epic choir music behind him if he had an anime introduction sequence of some sort. Nevertheless I need to calm down, he's our ally... but damn I wouldn't live if I pissed him off. Maybe he'd enjoy me pissing on him though...

"Archdeacon, nice of you to greet us." Father bows politely and we do the same.

"Father, welcome." His voice is very charismatic and calm. "I assume that these your most recent children from the latest system with the white sun?"

"Indeed they are." Father smiles back as he introduces each of us.

"It is my great pleasure to welcome to all to The Citadel." The Archdeacon bows slightly, almost as if he's praying or something. "I am truly sorry that you lost two of your siblings today. The machinations of the universe take away those closest to us far too often. I will make an offering to the supreme one tonight and ask him to bless you with the crimson star's light."

"The Archdeacon is the leader of The Council and the head of The Order of The Scarlet Suns." Father explains to us.

So he's a religious nutjob? Perfect.

"You flatter me Father." The Archdeacon smiles softly again. "I am but a humble mouth piece for the most ancient of high spirits that dwell within the sacred red dwarfs."

Wait seriously? He worships the most common star in the universe? Surely this man doesn't actually- Oh I get it he's a cult leader, got cha. Controlling your pathetic followers through religion is one means of instilling fear for sure... although that aura of ki or lifeforce or whatever the fuck already does it.

Man I should have pissed on the spaceship... I mean I can hold it in but uhh, it's stressing me out not going to lie.

"I thank you for your blessing." Father nods and we all do as well. "It's been a long fourteen hours though, I'm sure my children would like to get acquainted with their personal quarters and rest for now."

I'd like to get acquainted with a toilet seat right about now.

"Of course." The Archdeacon politely gestures. "If ever you wish for spiritual guidance, don't be afraid to visit the sacred chapel on the fifth level, my devoted ones would be more than happy to help you."

With that, he takes an elevator with his personal guards that we were probably going to use and they go up. What a butthole. However it only takes seconds for another one to arrive and we can all easily fit inside. The- the lift I mean... not the anal cavity. The large ass- ahem door, opens up and we calmly step inside.

When we reach the fifth level, it looks... pretty much identical to the other one, except this one is clearly where lots of sentient beings live because there's dozens of them walking through the first big area that we see. Father waves us goodbye and goes up another floor, probably two, leaving us by ourselves for the first time today.

Oh well though, we're adults... not some kids lost in the damn mall. We'll be fine. These elevators basically led us to a huge lobby room, security here seems to be fairly minor. I don't know what a bunch of creepy androids with specialized stun guns and extra strong handcuffs are going to do against a rogue soldier with superpowers but maybe I just have too little faith in them.

I guess I forgot to mention that almost all of the elite members of various Creator's armies have some form of superpowers, according to what Father told us. With how horrible the day has been can you really blame me? But yeah Reapers are way stronger than these chumps, in theory, since our power just grows infinitely while they have one or two superpowers at the most. They also don't have the gift of alchemy, which is something else unique to us by comparison. Nevertheless almost any of them could easily kill a normal person.

As I look around, almost all of the humanoids I see are either anthros or humans. I only spot a few aliens with unique-ish looks. Guess we know the kinds of beings that The Creators in general like to recruit. I pass through security within seconds and take a moment to let it all in. I see various buildings inside the interior that I can only describe as... like sci-fi apartment buildings. I know that sounds pretty generic but it's true. There are dozens of them spread around one sector of the level, they look like city blocks that are encased inside of this... station.

I wouldn't be surprised if like around ten thousand soldiers lived here, that would be my estimate at least. A small army sure, until you remember that we're all superpowered freaks who could easy crush any normal civilization that we'd come across. Although, with many of us probably coming and going on various excursions, the population of the soldiers in here can easily shift within the thousands.

Regardless, I should probably head to my personal quarters and pee... but I end up looking around the level instead. It's around this time when we all split up and just... start doing our own thing I guess. Axel and Sorcha are really the only two who bother to wave goodbye to me, Eris and Jason just take off in separate directions without saying much of anything.

Now let's see where to go to first...

My AI Core's GPS has a detailed map, like you'd find in a MMO video game or something. Everywhere is mapped out in a 2D space but places I've not been to are like gray and have question marks inside them, like various POI's. It really is a video game hmm? The only area on my map that's named is the security entrance where the elevators were, the huge command center next to it and the apartment building where my personal quarters are. Nevertheless, out of curiosity I make my way to one of the small buildings close to the center of the sector. The front entrance is really just an open area, like an auditorium or something.

Inside is a... gym of sorts. Well not really, more like a combat training area. Various buff men and a few women are either fighting for practice purposes, going through their weapon forms and stances or just punching targets that are designed to take a beating.

Also everyone isn't naked but they're pretty much in their underwear, it's the same kind that I'm wearing... just like dull and gray coverings for their tits and balls. Some lifeforms are wearing what you would call pants but not many. Hell there's even a threesome going on in a corner on a thick mat, pretty sure that's not the kind of training this place is for...

Anyway I leave fairly quickly, not really in the mood to train or fuck right now. As I do so I run into Hannes of all people.

"Hey. Vaine right?" He greets me in a cheerful voice. "You curious about working out in there? It's a general area but the gym in your apartment building is much more likely to have Reapers inside it, since there are so few of us in comparison we tend to hang out close together."

"Nah I was just... wandering around." I scratch my head awkwardly as my vagina starts to hurt, I should really go find a bathroom. "Getting my bearings for my new home and shit. Trying to get my mind off of stuff."

"I have some free time right now if you'd like me to show you around." Hannes extends his hand. "I've lived here for almost forty of my years after all."

"Sure." I blurt out.

Why did I agree?! Dammit. Oh well.

Hannes proceeds to show me around like a lost puppy, and various POI's are now labeled on my map. A library of sorts, recreation rooms, cafeterias, bathrooms, showers, which are all public. There is even a training pool that you have to book to use. Didn't think we'd have that but it's not really for recreation, more like training for what outer space would possibly feel like if we were to ever do a space walk. That seems rather primitive considering the technology that the Creator's have but whatever, who am I to judge. I guess the artificial gravity generators or whatever have their hands full just holding us down.

Regardless it's about twenty minutes later and I really really need to go now. It takes everything I have to not do a potty dance. I would enjoy my leisure time more but I've just been tense this whole time. Just as I'm about to excuse myself though, a creepy android robot comes up to us and begins to speak.

"Vaine Steele?" It questions in a monotone voice. "Please follow me. The Elder would like to meet with you."

What. Freaking What?! Are you kidding me right now? That's the super duper leader of the creators right? The head head honcho? The big bad wolf? What in the actual fuck?

Hannes tries to hide it but his eyes are full of terror. "Well... I'll see you later Vaine. You'll be fine... just be honest and respectful and you'll be back before you know it."

Great. Perfect. Well at least if I piss myself while meeting him I can have a good laugh before he causes my head to explode. I steel my vaginal muscles and follow the droid. We walk past the security checkpoint again and enter the elevator. It goes up rather slowly to be honest. I see all the levels from four to two due to most of the elevator's walls being made of glass but I'm not really focused on that right now.

My mind is racing like crazy. If I make one mistake, my life can easily be snuffed out here. The biggest question I have is why? Why does he want to see me of all Reapers? It doesn't make any sense. Unless... Oh.

I don't have much more time to think however and before I know it, the elevator doors slide open, revealing level one. What I see kind of astounds me not going to lie.

&&

It's like a whole other world. Around the expensive penthouse of sorts there are various plants scattered here and there. But that's not really what catches my eye. Through the glass ceiling, it looks like outer space... if it were an aquarium. Various space whales are flying out there and the beautiful reflected light waves that pass and sway through the water are so... beautiful. If my pussy didn't ache hard right now I'd enjoy the sight a lot more like god damn... that's the most realistic CGI I've ever seen in my life.

I know it has to be fake, considering I've seen what the space outside The Citadel actually looks like, but still. If I didn't know any better I'd think it was real. I guess I know the kind of man that The Elder is now, even if only slightly. He's a man who wants to make the entire galaxy his fishbowl.

No? That's not correct? Kay.

Regardless of my stupid inner thoughts, the android leads me to an office with an actual wooden door. Very few things here are actually made of metal really, alot of the interior design seems to be rather... primitive. In a good way though.

The robotic messenger knocks on it and every nerve in my body stands on end. This is it.

"Yes?" A normal male voice comes from inside.

"I've brought you Vaine Steele, the Reaper my lord, as you requested." The droid speaks without a hint of emotion.

"Let her in." He speaks quickly, is he annoyed? Please tell me he's not annoyed.

It opens up the door and I quickly walk in before the door closes. The man before me... is not what I expected at all.

&&

The walls are covered with sentimental pictures and the office space looks relatively normal. The desk before him is so clean that it looks factory new. The man before me has white, no light purple hair, it's hard to tell given the sort of weird lighting that's in the room. He looks very young for someone called The Elder. I expected some old geezer but nope. We're it not for the creepy wooden skull behind him and his aura that is even more absurdly overpowering than The Archdeacon's, I'd assume this man was a used car salesman or some shit.

But I know that the man before me could kill me quicker than I could fart so... I stay as composed as I can with an overbearing bladder and heightened nerves.

"Take a seat young lady." He beckons me over. I have no reason to refuse so I sit.

"I'm The Elder." He speaks proudly. "You're the first Reaper that I've decided to meet."

"I'm honored, my lord." As I speak I do my best to not break eye contact. It's not easy. "My name is Vaine."

"Yes I've seen your file." He looks as serious as before. "Eighteen of your years old hmm? Damn. That makes you probably the youngest one at The Citadel."

"I'll be nineteen in one of my months from now." I try not to correct him but I guess I kind of do. My insides kind of quiver at that.

"Of course of course." The Elder dismisses me rather quickly. "You are comfortable I hope?"

"Not in the slightest." I laugh lightly. I probably should have lied but I really don't give a shit right now.

"I'm sorry about that." He smiles in return. "I tend to have that effect on literally everyone. You can relax, you're not in any trouble."

"If I relaxed I'm afraid I'd urinate all over this chair right now." Why did I say that?! What the fuck is wrong with me?

"Your piss fetish is bubbling its way to the surface is it? Regardless we don't have time for that right now I'm afraid." The Elder's casual tone about something so personal to me is kind of shocking not going to lie.

"I-I didn't mean-" I blurt out, my face beet red.

"It's fine. I like to suck on toes. There. Now we both know something embarrassing about each other." He laughs, actually laughs, which actually makes me even more tense. "Regardless even so I'm only into human women Vaine, I'm not like that freaky Archdeacon, he'd fuck as many furries as he could if it didn't interfere with his work, both men and women I may add, the damn ball fondler."

What is even going on here? The Archdeacon likes anthros more than humans? Is he joking around or being serious? I really don't know. Also did he just call me a furry? I... don't know if that's an insult or not.

"Why did you invite me here my lord?" I don't try to hide my irritation, my bladder won't let me right now. I guess if I die, I die.

"Yeah I guess we may as well skip the rest of the bullshit." His face shifts into a serious gaze once again. "I wanted to talk to you about Ozaj, since you were the only one who saw him today... and survived."

Damn. I fucking knew it.

"I'm not sure what I could tell you that you haven't already read in the reports, which I'm sure Father made already." I sigh as I speak honestly.

"Even so I'd like to hear it from you. Truth be told I always feel like Father is hiding something from me, he tends to be a shady prick." The Elder insults him and I'd get more angry. But if I did I might leak a little so I hold back my emotions. "Although... in this case I actually do feel sorry for the poor bastard... even I have empathy from time to time."

I don't really want to talk but regardless I do my best to tell The Elder what happened, from my perspective. Father's ship crashed into the megastructure, Toshia saved my life by pushing me out of the debris area and died for it. My attempts at bringing Toshia back failed because his core was already shattered. I got an order and directions from Father to run, so I ran. Eventually Paisou and I fled along mostly the same path. Ozaj was being body blocked by hundreds of Sentinels at a time but even so they weren't slowing him down much. I made it safely to the evacuation pods... Paisou did not.

Rehashing all this again even though it's still fresh in my mind is absolutely brutal and I feel sick all over again. Explaining all that took about half an hour, so my body is still in a state of desperation, if not more so.

When I finish, The Elder looks at me sternly and nods.

"Did Ozaj say anything to you?"

"No."

"He didn't ask for your help, make a deal with you to spare your life in exchange for being a spy?"

"No. It's impossible for Reapers to betray The Creators, Father has several fail safes in place to ensure that we cannot harm any of you."

Our brief line of questioning already lets me know that The Elder suspected me from the beginning. I'm only getting more and more upset the longer I am here.

"Alright. Good." The Elder nods as he stands up. "I had to be certain. Because you know..."

He pauses briefly and it feels like I'm standing on a knives' edge as I stare into an endless abyss.

"... No one has escaped Ozaj's wrath for thousands of years." The Elder snaps his fingers.

Just when I think I won't get to enjoy my final wee before I die, the wall behind him rotates open like some sort of haunted house secret chamber, revealing a bound and gagged human, beaten judging from his torn clothes and the dried blood around his face. The shock of it nearly causes me to piss myself, I'm almost at my limit as my pussy begs for relief. But I cannot pee... not now...

"This self righteous motherfucker has been working with The Gray Dragoons for decades. I personally picked him up on my way here." The Elder spoke with a level of pride and charisma that I've never really heard before. "You see, even though The Baron's home planet was public knowledge... his personal castle's location was not. It'd have taken Ozaj time to explore the planet to find it and The Baron may have been able to escape during that time frame. Only two people knew it's exact coordinates. This architect fucker who built it... and The Baron himself."

"Wait architect? Wouldn't that mean that The Citadel's location is in danger too then?" I almost panic and pee a little.

"No, this piece of shit didn't work on The Citadel thankfully, he didn't even know of its existence before I brought his ass here." The Elder removes the gag from the traitor's mouth, lifts him up and slams him into the desk as it shatters into a million pieces. He coughs violently but his wounds heal fairly quickly as I back up while still sitting in the chair.

"We probably have more traitors among us sadly, this war will be just as much about spying as it is about killing." The Elder smirked. "Sounds like fun... and a huge pain in my ass."

He lifts up the bound prisoner and brings him to his knees.

"I have only ever... served you faithfully my king." The rogue Creator speaks. "Please... please don't do this."

"Shut the fuck up." His stare that could probably give anyone a heart attack is then directed at me. "I want you to kill him Vaine and prove to me that you're not his ally. You can either do that or die trying to save him. If you leave without doing either I'll end you myself."

He called him a king... what?

"I would... but Father forbid me from-"

"Father..." The Elder interrupts me. "Taught you to obey. Will you? Here you can take this knife. Don't worry, I weakened his powers severely, you should be able to easily decapitate this fucker."

"I- I don't need the knife... I'm just saying." I blurt out. "I'll do it. I assume you don't care if anything else in this room gets... trashed?"

Fuck it, I'm not getting out of this and I need to piss like a hyperactive squirrel right now. I think you all see where this is going even if The Elder does not.

He simply nods and puts the dagger away. I drag the handcuffed Creator to the chair and lay his head on it. I then take off my pants rather quickly and fold them over a nearby planted sapling as my swollen bladder feels like it's going to burst open.

"I told you to kill him Vaine... not seduce him. What the fuck you doing?" The Elder is clearly agitated, probably only have a few seconds before he blows my brains out. But that's all I need anyway.

I aim my panty covered cunt over the back of the traitor's head and say one word.

"This... fff..."

My body can't take it anymore as I activate my acidic urine and my vagina contracts and weeps as I finally give it permission to let go. A few dribbles of piss come out of my urethra and completely burn away my gray panties around my crotch almost instantly. I then force it out of me like a laser beam as I moan uncontrollably with pleasure. The Creator below my vagina begins to scream as his skin melts and peels away faster than it can heal. It's a rather disgusting and futile process honestly.

Fuck my pussy feels so good... I don't even really care if The Elder is watching. I'm letting go of nearly sixteen hours worth of pee and it feels so divine. I continue my pissy assault as the Creator's blood continues to bubble and boil around the ever expanding wound, desperately trying to hold on despite the onslaught of corrosive wee being applied to it. He continues to cry out in agony all the while as I laugh with delight. This feels amazing.

"God damn girl." The Elder chuckles. "If you didn't have a tail and a fur coated ass you may just convert me to this fucked up kink of yours."

"You can't even see my butt right now anyway..." I reply back as I look at him, my piss stream still going strong.

It doesn't take much longer for the Creator's nasty neck bone to be exposed and his annoying cries eventually stop as what little remains of his throat is filled with my burning pee. After about twenty seconds, his head is completely severed and quickly evaporating, almost as if it were made of snow. I turn off my acidic urine since he's dead as his body falls onto the floor and just continue to pee on his partially liquefied skull.

Apparently I got like four million soul points from that? Like god damn... that's pretty weak for a Creator though right? Must've been a low ranked one. For some reason my body isn't rejecting the vast amount of soul energy.

"Sorry... he's dead but I... I still have to go a lot..." I stop looking at the Elder, embarrassed now that my sexual high is kind of done and reality has set in.

He tells me I can use the bathroom across the hallway as long as I clean up after myself so I make my way there quickly, my urethra draining itself all the while and leaving a trail of my golden liquid behind. I open the door to the rather fancy bathroom and spent the next minute in a half or so peeing into a fancy toilet and just relaxing.

Afterwards I clean it up with some nearby towels, both in the bathroom and the office. I basically spend like five minutes scrubbing it up while wearing nothing but my crotch exposed underwear down there. Funny how he wants me to wipe up my piss up off of the floor but not the barf inducing quarter melted nearby. The Elder could easily look at my pussy if he wanted to. When I'm done he basically vaporizes the dirty towels along with the corpse with alchemy and I put my pants back on. His office looks restored to exactly how it was before, almost as if time itself rewound.

Guess the only evidence left is my pair of crotchless panties right now.

"That was pretty messed up." The Elder laughs. "I like you though. If ever you want to get a human body for yourself and execute more traitors that we will eventually capture... I'd be more than willing to let you do this again."

"Thanks but uhh, I think I'll stick to being a... what did you call me? A furry? Yeah that." I can't believe my conversations with him now are kind of flirty. It's less like I'm conversing with an old man and more like I'm talking to a college dropout.

"Fair enough." He can't stop smiling. Honestly I am quite relaxed now that I no longer need to pee badly and I've hopefully gotten on his good side.

We leave the room and make our way to a bar, which of course is located below the space whale aquarium glass window display.

"You want a drink before you go?" He offers me some kind of alcohol and I have no reason to refuse.

"You mind if I ask you a question my lord?" I feel brave enough to make a demand of the most powerful Creator in the galaxy, I must be nuts.

To my surprise he agrees as I take a sip of the clear blue drink. It tastes strange and strong but it's delicious and smooth.

"Why do people call you The Elder?" I say my pondering aloud because I haven't really figured out why.

"Because I'm the last of my kind." He states proudly. "The blood of the dragon flows through my veins. While every other Creator was indeed blessed by him, I am of the royal line, my power isn't loaned out to me it's my god damn birthright."

Dragon blood? Borrowed power? I... I don't quite understand but ok. I guess that's why the traitorous Creator called him a king, so that I get at least. I'm not going to pry any further.

I don't stay long anyway, I finish my drink and respectfully bow as I leave, telling The Elder to call on me again if he needs me although I really hope he doesn't.

I return to the fifth level in no time and after that exhausting and exhilarating piss I just want to go to my new apartment and sleep, which is what I planned to do.

But of course, something else happens, sure, why wouldn't it?

As I walk along a rather sparsely populated area, a young woman in pure white robes with purple trim approaches me. I can tell that she's human but her face is hidden by a hood and a mask.

"Uhm, excuse me, forgive me for bothering you madam Reaper but does your name happen to be Vaine Steele?" She speaks in a rather quiet and submissive voice.

"Yeah that's me. What do you want?" I don't bother to hide my annoyance.

"If you would please come with me, The Matriarch wishes to speak to you before you retire for your night." She bows respectfully as I click my tongue.

The Matriarch hmm? Isn't that another high ranking Creator? The fuck is going on today? I get an uneasy feeling inside of me, completely unrelated to my bladder this time. Something feels... off.

My luck has already been stretched to the limit this evening so I probably shouldn't push it. But for some reason I think I'll be safe if she tries to fight me for some reason. Either way it wouldn't be smart to ignore the summons of a Creator... and this girl would be even stupider to lure someone into a trap with such statements.

So, regardless of how I feel, I follow her back to the elevators, again. We go up to the second level and get off rather quickly. Security is tighter here but still lighter than I would expect, given how this area is where The Council makes their home. They must be confident in their strength.

Regardless weapons aren't allowed here, unlike on level five, not that I have one to wield right now anyways. This.. maiden messenger apparently doesn't have one either as she steps right through, as if the android guards trust her completely, pff. Meanwhile I'm practically getting groped as one searches around me for anything hidden but of course it doesn't find anything.

We make our way to a large rather ornate doorway. For some reason it looks like a gate to a castle keep or something and nothing like a sci-fi entryway that's literally everywhere else here. It creaks open automatically as we stand in front of it and I'm led inside. The entire area feels rather... abnormal... I guess would be the word. A faint blue fog flows naturally from an unknown source across various areas of the tiled floor. the ceiling appears to be supported by massive engraved stone pillars and purple torches are embedded into them.

It's honestly like I stepped back in time... or got sucked into a fantasy RPG or something.

Nevertheless, after about a minute in a half of just listless walking, we come to our destination.

&&

A hooded elderly crone in royal purple robes is sitting behind a rather short stone table. Around her are various monolithic crystals, that seem to be glowing and sparking with purple lightning. I'm legitimately not sure if it's real magic or if it's fake theatrics again, much like The Elder's space whale aquarium.

Look it's cool alright? That's why I keep mentioning it.

Regardless, The Matriarch beckons me over. As I step onto the platform... memories from my dream this morning come flooding back to me. Ugh. My head.

"Welcome... Child of Earth... please, sit." Her voice has power behind it and yet still manages to be somewhat relaxing.

I sit down with my legs crossed, kind of uncomfortable in these tight military pants with my bare pussy pressed against them but whatever.

"You..." My eyes are kind of betraying me right now. "I met you this morning. You were there, before the attack."

"I was and I wasn't." She speaks cryptically. "But alas let's have our conversation somewhere more secure shall we?"

***

Before I even know what's happening, I'm back in the same black forest void marsh as this morning. Also you guessed it, all my clothes are gone.

"You must really like to look at my breasts hmm?" I say in the least sexy way possible, in fact it's grumpy, very grumpy.

"You needn't say something so vulgar." The Matriarch fires back, her voice echoing throughout this space as her mouth remains closed. "This is simply the safest place we can talk, within your own mind. I am not your enemy Vaine, in fact I could be your closest ally."

This shit again huh?

"You saw Ozaj this morning, however briefly... and you even managed to meet The Archdeacon and The Elder as well." The Matriarch continues. "You've had quite the day. You may not yet realize how impressive it is that you encountered these three individuals in so short a time but you will relatively soon."

"Quite the day is an understatement." I cross my arms in annoyance. "That's why I didn't want to come here, I'm fucking exhausted both emotionally and physically. What is it you want?"

"It's simple." The Matriarch smiles. "My desire is to help you, as I stated this morning... and to end this terrible and bitter rivalry that has plagued us for millennia."

"I get that you want to end the war." I reply coldly. "And we agree on that. As for helping me... I smell that bullshit from miles away. You just want me within arms reach, much like The Elder does."

"Whether you believe me or not it doesn't change the facts." The Matriarch sounds like she's scolding a child. "The Elder has taken a great interest in you, which I've got to say is quite rare for him. And you've got The Archdeacon who's studying your every move and ready to pounce on any mistake that you and the rest of the other Reapers may make. Not to mention the other members of The Council who are also watching you from the shadows."

"I get it." I sigh. "Father already explained to us how strained the relationships are between many Creators. I just want justice for Toshia and Paisou... so that they didn't die in fucking vain. I want Ozaj's head on a damn platter."

"A reasonable desire." The Matriarch's voice fills the air. "There's a long list of Creator's who want Ozaj dead as well, including Father. I can put everything I have at your disposal to ensure that you're the one to slay him, if you will swear a sacred oath to me and my family."

"A sacred oath? Really?" I can't help but laugh. "What are you a devil in disguise? Why don't you just have me sign a shady contract with my blood or something?"

"I am only a demon to those whom I consider to be... untrustworthy." I can feel The Matriarch glare at me, but compared to The Elder's intense aura, it just kind of tickles by comparison. "Are you really going to deny yourself this opportunity?"

"Hmm... let me think about it..." I say sarcastically as I let out a huge fart, although since we're in a space created by my mind I don't think it's a real one. "Yes. I am denying your oath binding baloney. I've already sworn myself to be Father's shield and sword, like every other Reaper."

"You don't have an ounce of respect for the elderly? How disappointing." The Matriarch's tone shifts to one of displeasure. "You will regret this."

"My respect is earned, it's not given." I retort. "I'll obey you like any other Creator, provided it doesn't go against Father's wishes. But I don't need your help. I don't need go to a psychic therapist once a week and discuss my feelings."

"We shall see." She replies bitterly. "If you should change your mind I will always be glad to accept you into my fold, even if you are a rude little girl."

"So? We done here?" I tilt my head. "I'd like to go now... how do we-"

***

"-get out? Oh." I look around to see the creepy temple around me again as I stand up. "Well, later then."

"By ignoring me you've set yourself down a cruel path of fate child." I can't tell if The Matriarch is trying to be crass or sympathetic. "Beware of the dark one. If you don't heed this warning it may be very well impossible for you to survive."

"Fate is a crutch used by those who are too weak to carve their own path in life." I try not to sneer at her. "And beware of the dark one? Got it... I will avoid satanic music just like I have my whole life. Oh wait..."

She probably doesn't understand what I'm talking about but regardless, I leave quickly after that, I have no more to say after all. A sacred oath huh? What bullshit. What makes The Creators think that anyone of us will stop serving Father and exclusively join their camp?

I don't know what's ahead for me. But I do know that if The Creator's don't stay united against The Gray Dragoons... this will be a very difficult war. Even someone like me, who has literally no experience in galactic conflict, can clearly see that.

Maybe that's part of Ozaj's plan... to sow seeds of discontent among The Creators to make us all easier to take down. I will do everything in my power to make sure that doesn't happen but even so, I feel like a small fish in a very very large pond. I will just put my complete faith in Father, that's all I can do.

But for now, I've finally reached my apartment building, I guess you'd call it. Only Reapers live here apparently... so like seventy percent of it is empty, for now. I'm sure Father will recruit more of us once the war goes more in our favor although who knows when that'll happen.

Regardless, my apartment number is 313, not that it matters. I enter it and it's... basically what I expected. It's bland, without a hint of personality. My bed sheets, pillow sheets, shudders, walls and floor are all black, same as everything else in here. Oh and I have a dresser/cabinet thing too. Oh and a desk.

Ontop of it is something that's not black... surprising but... it's just a bunch of drawing paper, with a box of sketch pencils beside it. I guess I never really mentioned it before, chalk it up to not being that important, but back when I was just a regular anthro I loved to draw. I was never very good at it mind you, hands are so damn difficult, but even so it was a hobby of mine that I had.

I kinda got back into it during my hacking training, as I felt that working with my fingers helped both my drawing and hacking skills, if only a little. Yeah I made the fingering sex joke last month I'm too tired to do it again. Ahem... anyway...

Hannes left a written note with it. Guess that means he has security access to all our rooms. Makes sense since he's literally a Reaper administrator here but still, kind of creepy.

Hey Vaine,
 
I met with Sorcha today and she told me hat you like to draw, so I thought I'd make you this. It's not much but I hope it can give you some moments of peace during this difficult time. I truly wish I was able to meet Toshia and Paisou.

I offer you my sincere condolences.

We will get him.

~ Hannes Wyrmskoll

It's such a short letter but I cry a little bit while reading it. Makes me feel bad for kinda being secretly mean to him. Regardless... I think I'll sketch something before bed. For now though, I check out what's in my cabinet.

Six more sets of military uniforms, three extra pairs of combat boots, six pairs of basic underwear, and four sets of bed sheets and pillow sheets. Oh and there's an empty metallic circular laundry basket beside the boots at the bottom, made of a dark silver metal. The military uniforms are hanging up on hangers, while the sheets are neatly folded in a small square shelf beside it. The dresser drawer part of the cabinet, below where the boots sit, is where my black shirts and gray panties and bras are.

I don't know why I'm giving a detailed description of all that's in here but regardless, now you know, you are welcome.

I take my boots I've worn all day and set them next to the inside part of the entryway, before putting my military jacket, shirt and pants into the laundry bin. I take off my bra and scorched crotchless panties and put them onto the table. I spend the next probably half hour cleaning them and then converting them into a pair of blue underwear. Although the panties have to basically be a thong to make up for the loss of crotch material. They're not a super thin G-String of course but like almost half of my butt will hang out now when I wear these.

After that's done I fold them up and put them away, and I spend the next ten minutes or so converting a standard pair of dull gray undies to pure white ones.

Now, those who are shrewd may have already realized that these colors are indeed.. the same one's as Paisou's and Toshia's fur, most of it anyway. Is it very silly and stupid to make tribute panties based on the colors of my dead lovers pubic hair? Maybe... but I wanted to do it.

It'll give me slightly more underwear variety while at The Citadel at least... not that anyone will care... unless they see it before we fuck.

Regardless, I put the freshly made virgin colored panties away and begin to draw. I spend hours sketching it I think but I really wanted to do this before I went to bed. I'm not really sleepy just exhausted. Does that make any sense to anyone but me? Don't know, don't care.

Despite that I drew something that makes me smile so... it's worth it.

&&

Yeah I forgot to give Paisou hair and his hands are abit wonky and Toshia's head is slightly too big but-

Look... drawing is hard ok? Piss off.

Speaking of piss, I go into my almost all black bathroom and urinate into the toilet for about forty seconds. It feels nice and makes me horny. I should feel bad about feeling like this on a day like today but... whatever, again I don't care too much. Maybe that's a bad thing but it is what it is.

After a normal and calm pee I brush my teeth and get into the shower. Wiping all the stress and sweat from my body feels so nice, even though I've already showered twice today.

Nothing much else happens, I get out after a few minutes, dry myself off with a towel, I have three large ones and four washcloths by the way, then I toss it into the laundry bin without much thought. As I close my cabinet door and am about to shut my shutters and lights off before bed, I hear a knock at my door.

I don't really care who it is so I open the door while naked. Is it someone I know? Is it a rapist? It's Axel. He blushes slightly at seeing me but regardless he quickly looks up. Aww no getting raped tonight, sad.

"Hey Vaine." He scratches his head. "Just wanted to check in on you. How're you doing?"

"I'm ok... considering the circumstances." I feel my body grow hot as he looks at me. "Do... do you wanna spend the night here?"

I regret asking that as soon as I say it.

"Sorry... I shouldn't have said that." I look away feeling guilty. "I know you have Eris now I just-"

"I get it, we're both beautiful people Vaine." He laughs it off. "Eris and I may decide to come for a... visit like that soon, but only if she's comfortable with it."

"Understandable." I nod.

I step away from the door for a second and show Axel the picture I drew of Toshia and Paisou.

"This is really nice Vaine... thanks for showing me." Axel almost gets emotional as he hands it back to me.

"Thank you. I'll try to print off a copy for everyone... if something like that exists here. I'm sure it does... maybe." I ramble on a bit.

"Anyway I'm glad you're... hanging in there. I just wanted to let you know that you can rely on me if you need anything. Don't hesitate to contact me at any time on the ReaperChat app. I'm going to train really fucking hard... and smash Ozaj's face to pieces when I get the chance. I will not let this go until he's fucking dead."

"Thanks Axel... really. That means a lot." I manage to smile for probably the first time today, one that wasn't forced on me.

"Did... Paisou say anything to you? Before the end?" He inquires.

"No. It all happened too quickly." I frown again. "Ozaj did say one thing though... but not to me."

"What did he say?" Axel gets a serious look on his face.

"He said..." I stop for a moment, then look him in the eyes.

"I'm sorry that this happened to you."

