Vaine, Goddess of Death, Sexual/Peeing Adventures Throughout the Multiverse (Insanely Long Story)

Author: Vaine Steele

*000*2022-12-10 03:14

Heya all, Vaine here. Phew, that's uhh, quite the title hmm? This is a story that I've had in my head for a long time. Since about 2015 I'd say. I'd never written it before cus well, it's fucking dark and highly sexual, something of which isn't allowed on most sites where you post stories.

Anyway I'll just say that the biggest influences for this story are Overlord, Star Wars... and uh yeah I guess whatever has multiverses in it could be considered an influence as well. Although that's just some technology/lore within the story and not exactly influenced by anything specific.

But anyway, this story is basically an "epic fantasy/sci-fi adventure" story, with sex scenes and pissing thrown in for good measure, along with other kinks. If you're looking for a quick fap or clit rub this probably isn't the tale for you. But if you want something a little more "serious" rooted in a crap-ton of lore then you may enjoy this.

I will warn you all ahead of time. The start of this story is dark and deeply disturbing. It's not meant to be enjoyed in a sexual way although if you do I won't hold it against you.

I asked the mods ahead of time if my story would be ok to post on here, since it features alot of graphic violence, at least early on. I got the go ahead from Kyuu so hopefully they won't get in trouble if this story does indeed get me into it lol.

Either way if you're cool with that then I hope you enjoy this. I really care about this character, a lot, so much so that my profile is named after her, if you somehow didn't notice. I hope you'll enjoy the story as much as I will when I finally put it onto paper. Well, digital paper.

~ Much Love, Vaine Steele.

Table of Contents

Prologue

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

&&&&&&&&

*004*2022-12-10 03:27

Prologue: Introductions and Origins

This is unlike any tale that you've read before. Okay maybe that's not entirely true. But still, my life story is just... impossible to put into words. I mean that literally.

While I could technically write it all, even if it'd take me tens of thousands of years to complete, it would take you mortals your entire lifetimes just to read a fraction of my life. Don't believe me? Too fucking bad dipshits.

Anyway you're all here reading this because you wanna watch me pee right? Buncha perverts you all are. Alas I can't really complain since I'm easily one of the biggest perverts in the multiverse. But here I am getting off track again.

My name is Vaine Steele. I'm a Goddess of Death, a self-proclaimed Shinigami, Lover of Sex and well, technically a Reaper. We'll get more into that later. I'm currently technically 2.314 billion years old. But I've only been consciousness for like... 196, 758 Earth Years. Yeah I dunno if I'll get to that part of my life within 20 of your lifetimes... maybe 30... or 35... we'll see. I'll probably just skip a bunch of shit anyway and focus on writing the good stuff, mostly.

My origin story is dark and disturbing and not meant to be enjoyed. I'm sure I said this in the intro post but in case you missed it, the start of my existence was fucked up beyond belief. Read at your own risk. It's not something your supposed to be able to masturbate to although I guess if you do I won't judge.

Let's get onto my appearance now so ya'll have something to visualize hmm?

My true form and the one I use the most often is a female foxmorph with black hair and red eyes. I also have a red highlight in my hair. My fur is three different colors, kind of. Most of my fur is black. However my chest fur and naval fur and yes pubic fur is white. I also have dark brown stripes on my legs that go from my feet to my buttcheeks so there is that. My skin is black. You can tell because my nose, tongue, gums, fingernails, nipples, pussy and anus are all black. Otherwise you don't really see my skin. I'm a furry ok, what the fuck you want from me?

Moving on... I have modest C-Cup breasts, I stand about 5'8". I'll leave my ass, hip and waist measurements to your imagination. Trust me I'm an 11/10 goddess my body is feminine perfection. If you don't agree you can kiss my ass. Or don't.

Lastly I'm Bisexual. I'll fuck anything breathing that's of a sexually mature age, male or female. Hell I once humped a hippo once. I was drunk ok, piss off. Although I suppose you'd like to be pissed on.

Your probably wondering 'oh my god when is the introduction gonna end? Just urinate yourself already!' You, hush. This is the prologue that's supposed to just be an info dump so that you can understand me better and enjoy the stories I'm gonna tell to their fullest. If you don't wanna read this just skip ahead to chapter 1... or maybe chapter like 3 or 4 when my life stops being as awful as it was at the start. We'll see. Dunno how much I'll write of that or even if the mods will allow it. Hi mods.

Anyway... let us begin this tale. This isn't one I want to tell but it's how my "life" began so... here we go.

***

I was born on some different version of Earth in its year of 1990. Alternate to you humans anyway. If you didn't know like, 50% of all sentient life in the multiverse is human or at least what you'd call human. Most basic common sentient evolution I guess. Anyway Anthros make up about 10% of that number and the remaining 40% is just... everything else. Really I don't care to get more specific than that.

I was born in Dallas, Texas. America. Fuck yeah brother.

I had a very normal childhood. My parents loved me. We lived in a nice house, with a white picket fence, on a tree lined street. It was peaceful and idyllic. And I hated every moment of it.

My first memories are from kindergarten. I can still remember vividly trying to play tag on the playground. All of the other kids were running around laughing and having fun while I stood by myself on the side of the yard. I was uhh, the weird girl. They avoided me like I was a contagious disease. So I played alone.

In middle school my social skills improved a little bit. But still the other children avoided me like the plague. I spent my time watching TV in the basement or playing video games. I also got really into punk rock and metalcore, I loved the gothic fashion style so I would wear black lipstick and dark eye shadow. I even started cutting my own hair, I thought it looked cool and rebellious. It helped me feel like an individual who didn't need to rely on the rest of society.

High school was pretty much the same thing, although the kids at least knew who the metalhead chick at school was. They still treated me like crap though. The popular kids were too busy making fun of me to be bothered getting to know me as more than their entertainment. The other kids who did try to be friendly were just trying to get into my pants. Which, thanks for the thought but no thanks. I mean, they'd been right. I am pretty damn hot, why wouldn't a boy wanna fuck me? I guess it's true what they say about men wanting pussy more than brains. However, even at 18 I was still a virgin, because I still hated "the world" and had no interest in physical intimacy.

Two months before my high school graduation... was when everything changed.

April 17th, 2008, 1 PM local time. Lunch had just ended so I was feeling sleepy, like I wanted to go for an after-meal nap. However, I never got the chance to. Suddenly and without warning, a giant red alien spaceship appeared above the city. It unleashed thousands of autonomous robots that I'd later learn were called Sentinels. They were hideous fleshy metallic machines that looked like raptors with scorpion tails, that's the best way I can describe them.

Either way that doesn't matter right now. As I sat down at my desk, a swarm of these machines attacked my school. All I really remember was the screaming and the blood, so much blood. They killed everyone by stabbing them with their sharp tail-like appendages. Within seconds of getting stabbed their victims eyes would glow red and then fade, their bodies falling lifelessly to the floor afterward.

I don't even have time to yell as I felt a sharp pain enter my lower back. I cannot even scream the pain is too unbearable. Last thing I remember was feeling the elongated member on my tailbone.

'Well, this is how I'm gonna die...' I thought, 'So lame.'

I passed out into a dreamless sleep. I felt like I was in the void, inside nothingness. Well... this must be what death feels like. At least I was no longer in pain. In fact I didn't really feel any emotions at all. The concept of time... was gone from my sight.

And then suddenly I was not alone. A voice was speaking to me.

"Reaper E-237-NIN.exrb, assimilation complete."

It sounded exactly like my inner voice. Wait... what did my inner voice sound like again?

"Activating Regeneration Level 1."

Act... activating what now?

"Powerup complete. Body... functional. Rebooting..."

Wait what's happening?

***

I woke up in a coughing fit, my mouth was stale with the taste of blood. I was sitting on my classroom chair as I continued to cough and breathe heavily. For a fraction of a second I wondered if I've just woken up from a horrible nightmare. Then I saw about a dozen bodies of students around me and I'm quickly reminded that this was real.

How was I alive?

I looked down to my lower body where I could have sworn I had a fatal wound. What I saw was a big hole in the bottom of my shirt and the top strap of my skirt. My body was fine but there was dried blood all around my clothing where my fatal injury was.

What the fuck happened? I looked outside and noticed that the sun was setting. I must have been passed out for awhile.

I felt a deep pressure within my privates, like I haven't peed for hours. I decided to ignore this for now though it wasn't important.

I glanced at the corpses around me again, but instead of being terrified I was relieved. Relieved that it was not me laying there. I took in a few deep breaths and got up off the chair. My skirt fell down around my feet, due to the front of the belt being completely destroyed. My pink panties were only held up thanks to them being light and my ass being relatively thick, which seemed to be holding them in place. They were very loose though and they felt like they could fall down anytime as well.

"Damn I really, really need to take a piss." I whispered aloud as I squirmed uncomfortably.

Guess I'll find a bathroom first and then go look for help... not that I seemed to need it. In fact, all the students I saw were dead so... they don't need any help either. Right right, alien robot invasion, I forgot... probably not much help coming if the rest of the country or the world looked like this.

... In fact, almost all of these bitches and bastards hated me anyway... why did I care if they got help? I didn't.

My pussy trembled as I was quickly reminded of my primal need to piss out a river and I hobbled outside of the room and toward the hallway, not caring about how many soggy carpets filled with pools of blood that I was walking through.

Once I walked out into the hallway I was suddenly assaulted with the sight of dozens more dead students lying on the floor. Their skin was deathly pale and their eyes were red, just like the eyes of those... robot dinosaur scorpions that stabbed me in the back. I clenched my clit tighter as I felt a few drops of urine escape their kitty prison. Fuck.

I needed to find a bathroom and find it now.

I kept on moving forward until I reached an open door. The hall beyond it was a mess of smashed and broken doors and windows. Most of them were covered in dried blood but a lot of them had been completely obliterated by giant metallic claws.

I managed to see something surprising though. A male student with his back against the locker was writhing in pain. His breathing was heavy. Someone else was alive here. Damn he kinda cute.

He must be one of those "popular kids" from school because he was wearing a blue blazer and tie. His left leg was mostly missing though, it's a wonder he hasn't bled out by now. He must've been sitting here for hours while a pool of his own blood dried around him.

I approached him slowly as my bladder felt like molten lead. I was half tempted to piss right there but I resisted. He noticed me with horror in his eyes. He saw my half torn panties and then quickly looked away. So I guess when someone was on the verge of death they stopped being horny hmm? Or maybe I was just that scary now and not as sexy as I thought? Whatever.

What am I? A predator. No, worse than a predator. A demon... who was reborn into this hellish world. And what do I eat? Prey.

His face had seemingly turned a shade of green as I approached him. I could tell from his eyes that he was afraid and in agony. But more importantly he looked like a tasty little morsel to me. I was in pain too. My whole life had been painful. I had never felt like I belonged anywhere... everyone always looked down on me.

Well now I was the one standing over all those dead people and staring down at them as they looked up at me. I felt... strangely happy? Why did I feel joy right now as my vagina dam was about to burst? Maybe I had finally found some kind of... meaning to my life? I didn't know. This feeling was foreign to me.

All I knew was that I was hungry, very hungry.

The boy turned to look at me again as I crouched down next to him.

"Vaine?" He questioned. "Is that you?"

I nodded silently, trying to keep myself from peeing all over his face.

"It hurts!" He cried, his voice cracking, "I need help, please! There was a... robot scorpion thing in my leg! It stabbed me so hard it went through here," he says as he points to where his femoral artery was.

But there was no leg there anymore.

"Poor little lost soul." I spoke with authority. All shyness or anti-social behavior that I had exhibited before was completely gone. "Let me aid you."

I thrusted my ass in the air and bent my back as I put my fingers around his throat and squeezed. My loose panties finally fall to the floor and the warm exposure of air against my pussy lips causes my floodgates to burst open. I sighed with sexual and violent pleasure as I peed hard while squeezing the life outta this man's neck. His eyes went wide as he began to struggle, but he didn't have the strength to pull me off of him. His eyes rolled into their back sockets and his mouth opened slightly for breaths that never came. I could hear his ribs pop in and out as my piss kept pouring down his throat. He was not dead yet.

I cried out in delight. I had never felt such elation before in my life. This was what being alive must feel like. Dominating. Power. Control.

My pussy ached with a delightfully warm sensation as my piss stream continued pouring out of me. The last bit of resistance faded from the boy and he died within the next 15 seconds.

His body fell limp against me, I could feel the warm blood that had stopped flowing through his veins. His dead face was looking up at me through my urine-soaked crotch.

Within the next instant I saw a small amount of... some kinda glowing red energy flow out of him as my body involuntarily absorbed it.

'0.89 Units of Soul Energy collected.' My inner voice rang out loud and clear in my head.

I was so surprised by this that I tripped down onto my ass into a pool of my own urine mixed with scaly blood.

"What the fuck?!" I shouted aloud. "Who are you? Where are you?!"

'I am you. We are I.' The inner spirit in my head replied.

I looked around frantically and saw no one else besides myself and the bodies of students around me. I quivered in fear as I wondered what was going on.

'Do not be afraid. I am you. You are me. We are one. We are a Reaper now. E-237-NIN is our code name but since we went by the name of Vaine before our fusion. That should be fine to use for self-identification if we so desire.' The robotic speaker that still sounded like me hit me with a rapid string of info.

"Reaper? Fusion? What?" I blurted as I finally stop peeing.

After getting up and calming down abit I began to walk towards the girls locker room next to the gym, hoping to find a functional shower. The voice in my head and I had a conversation along the way.

'Reapers are what we are. Sentinels, the one's you call the dino-scorpion-robots, are designed to inject eggs into living fleshy sentient life. The process kills approximately 1 in 2.358 million of those it infects. Those that survive, like us, are granted new life. We are now a part of the Reapers, we're designed to kill and to be the most powerful soldiers in The Creators' army. We will bring complete order to the universe... once all those who oppose us are dead.'

"Well that was one hell of an info dump to put onto an 18 year old girl." I said as I take off my shirt and cast it aside.

"Who are The Creators?"

'The Creators are our masters... the most powerful sentient immortal race in the universe. They made us. They made I. We serve them and they protect and guide us through this chaotic life.'

I took off my bra as I step into the locker room. There were only a few bodies in here thankfully. And only two of the showers were broken, nice. I turned one on and let the cold water flow over my naked body. It felt so nice.

'Our first priority is to get stronger.' The AI within me continued. 'Inside of we there is a core. A red crystal you would call it. This device is The Creators ultimate technology. It serves as both our soul and a supercomputer. I, we will remember everything. All knowledge we gain, all people we see, meet, kill or fuck. This core must be protected at all costs, if it breaks, we die. We need soul energy to power ourselves up. It'll take alot of time but the stronger something that we kill is, the more soul energy it'll give us. Given enough time we will become a literal goddess in service to our great and supreme leaders.'

"Powers?" I question as I clean my ass from all the dried blood and urine I sat in. "What powers can we gain?"

'Anything you can imagine.'

"Really? Anything?"

'Correct. Strong overpowered abilities will take a lot of souls, tens of thousands if not millions, to unlock. Weaker more basic abilities will take less soul energy to unlock.'

"Like xp points in an RPG?"

'Yes like a video game...' I could practically hear the AI's eyes roll, if it had them.

"I see." I said. "Then can our first ability be to never poop?"

I swear the AI within me stopped for a moment, dead in its tracks. Well, if it could walk that is.

'Are you fucking serious?' It replied, clearly dumbfounded and annoyed.

I laugh at the hilarity as I turned the shower off and began to wipe myself dry.

"Yeah pooping is something that most people, if not nearly everyone, thinks is disgusting and gross. But it's always been a natural thing that we just have to do nearly every day. Everything poops. I'd like to be someone who doesn't have to worry about shit, literally." I explained, although probably not very well.

'And yet pissing is just fine for you? How strange you are.' It quipped.

"Well... I discovered alot today. Killing and peeing... brought me so much pleasure and ecstasy that I cannot even explain it."

'Fine. I did say anything you could imagine, may as well get something stupid out of the way first. I could reroute and reprogram your digestive system so that all your waste chemically turns to urine and goes through your bladder. But you'd urinate a hell of a lot more than the average person. I assume you're ok with that?'

"Fuck yeah that sound great."

'What about your bowels, rectal cavity and anus? All that anthro anatomy would be worthless.'

"Not worthless... I'm sure it could bring pleasure if I had a cock squirt thick cum up in there." I said with a grin, laughing at the word cock.

'Ahh... keeping the backdoor for anal sex... got it. For such a dumbass ability it should only cost about 100 souls, give or take.'

And so, with that I had a sudden interest in sex. I was still a virgin as I stated earlier in this prologue, but now I was dying to see what all the fuss was about.

I had been reborn... and I had no idea what evils I was about to partake in... or what untold suffering awaited me. But alas that about does it for this prologue. Chapter I think 1 to about 4 will be pretty grim. Chapter 5 will probably be where the turnaround begins. If you enjoyed the start to this story and didn't masturbate to it good job.

If you did well, you did. That be ok too. You do you boo boo.

Now it's time for me to raid the girl's lockers for clothes... and get onto gathering soul power so I never have to take a dump again.

*006*2022-12-11 05:04

{{3 hours ago, orangelion said:

This certainly interesting. Did you draw the picture?

}}

I did with words. Used Midjourney AI, the AI Art tool on discord.

Glad you liked it. Chapter 1 is being edited right now it'll hopefully be out tomorrow. I can't guarantee that I'll keep this writing pace up but uhh I also could lol, we'll see.

*008*2022-12-11 07:58

Chapter 1: The Extra-Terrestrial Siege of Dallas

I've just finished drying myself off after a shower. I'm butt naked. That's one good thing about being a Reaper - you never have to put on clothes anymore! I could get used to being a nudist during this whole end-of-the-world thing. I look at myself in a mirror for the first time since my rebirth and notice that my irises are now red. Aside from that my boobs seem to be slightly bigger but the rest of me is still the same hot babe from before. I narcissistically grin at myself, enjoying the sight of my nude form.

But nah I guess I will cover up a little bit... I mean... it's probably a good idea right? I don't want to come across as a perverted freak... at least not until my victims are near death. Gaining people's trust and then killing them sounds much more entertaining than just running at them wildly with my boobs and ass thrashing about. Although to be honest both of those sound quite fun.

Regardless I'm rooting around random girl's lockers for clothes and I haven't found anything nice yet. Whatever. I'll just raid a local clothing store or the mall sometime. Who knows maybe my house is still standing. I put on an ugly green basketball jersey to cover up my tits, although if you looked closely enough you could see my erect nipples pressing up against the fabric. I put on a clean pair of grey panties that aren't sexy in the least. Only three pairs of clean panties I found in here and these are the only ones that fit me comfortably. Dammit my ass is so big and hot, why am I cursed with such a force? Oh wait that's a good thing. I don't find any pants sadly so I guess I'm going out in my new underwear and not much else.

I decide to look around the school for a weapon of some sort. I need to kill people for their soul energy afterall and since I don't have any superpowers yet it's gonna be a pain to kill them all barehanded. Oh wait I'm stupid there should be some baseball bats in the gym. One of those would be perfect for now. I walk through the gym and find a bunch of dead bodies scattered about. Alot of them are gathered around the double door that leads to the storage room and it looks like it's unlocked. It's hard to tell how many are dead here since they're mostly torn up but yeah. One of the bodies has a spruce baseball bat next to it so I take it with glee. You have a new owner batboy!

I walk into the men's locker room and I'm surprised to find another survivor there. A male teacher, who appears to be breathing heavily while sleeping. He's still in better condition than the first person I killed but still, the surface of his chest and face are shredded to pieces. It doesn't look like he'll last much longer. I'm half tempted to take his dick out of his bloodied pants and suck on it... but nah, I won't. I need to go to horny jail. Bonk.

"Hi ho silver..." I say with a wicked grin as I smash his skull in. It takes several wacks for him to stop moving, my jersey gets splattered with more and more blood and my own sweat. That took longer than expected but hey I'm learning. Nobody said I had to be efficient at killing yet. The smell of fresh blood fills the room and I'm turned on a little bit more.

'1.13 Soul Energy gained.' My AI Core tells me.

"You don't have to tell me every time I kill someone." I blurt out with annoyance. "Just tell me when I get enough for the ability we discussed please."

'Fine.' The other me retorts. 'We could just display our soul energy counter in the bottom left of your vision if we wanted to.'

"Maybe later, not now." I reply as I make my way out of the locker room.

I search for more wounded survivors on my way to the cafeteria. I'm pretty hungry so I should eat something. Should be nourishment in there even if it's a shitty can of food. I'd really eat anything at this point. I'm half-tempted to even eat some corpses arm off right now.

"Oh boy." I mutter as I walk in. I can hear people talking to each other from the back of the room and they sound like they're arguing. A good sign... two people at least are still alive and healthy enough to be yelling. This should be interesting, although I need to be careful that they don't both jump me at once.

I crouch and slowly sneak over to them as my gray panty covered butt sticks out from behind me. They're arguing over who gets the food. A boy is saying that he got here first so it should be him but an older woman, or at least I assume she's old since her skin is a pale white, insists that they share equally or else no one should get anything. She points her finger at the younger male student.

"You heard what Ms. Johnson said young man, you share or you get nothing!" The older woman scolds with authority in her voice.

"Ms. Johnson isn't coming back! She abandoned us hours ago!" The student yells accusingly. "And I want food now!"

The other person sighs and says something under their breath. The student glares at her angrily. Perfect, he won't mind if I kill her now. I slowly creep up on them as they continue to bicker loudly. Coming up from behind her I slam my bat into the back of her skull. I hear her head crack against the concrete floor after her body topples forward. Blood gushes from the back of her neck and splatters across the ground. Looks like one hit did it for her. I must've not fucked it up like the last time. Either that or the base of the skull is easier to get a death blow on than the forehead. I really don't know.

I stare at the boy and grin as he stares at my panties. I can't tell if he's aroused or horrified. Maybe both. He's about average looking with dark hair and brown eyes. He's wearing a white shirt and a pair of black jeans. I think he's in the same grade as me but I'm not sure.

"Let's eat some food hmm?" I say casually while trying to be slightly seductive, despite my ugly clothing.

"Oh fuck off." He mutters angrily.

"What did you say?" I ask incredulously.

"I said get the hell away from here!" He yells at me, anger in his voice. He looks me over and then he laughs. "How long do you expect to live when you just casually go around without pants?"

"Longer than you if you keep trying to piss me off." I say with a glare.

He doesn't respond, instead he leaps over a table and tries to grab me. But he tumbles against one of them clumsily and falls flat on his face. He attempts to get back up but it's too late. I slam the butt, heh, of my bat down on his foot and he cries out in agony. The boy cradles his throbbing walking appendage with his hands and looks up at me with fear and hatred.

"Why're you being so casual about violence? Can't you see nearly everyone around us died today?!" He cries out with some kinda moral superiority complex.

"Oh are you a preacher of justice now?" I taunt. "You wanted her dead. I could see it in your eyes you were seething with anger. You just didn't have the balls to do it yourself."

"Go kill yourself bitch!" He shouts at me as he struggles to stand up again.

"I'll take that as a fuck you then." I retort with a grin.

I swing the bat again, this time hitting him square in the chest. This is so satisfying that my pussy begins to dampen from arousal.

Dominate. Power. Control. I'm in love!

"Ah..." He grunts as he struggles to breathe.

I smirk and show him my tits. I don't know why, I just felt like it. I shake them around and they bounce like I'm some kinda stripper on a pole.

"Just think, you'll never know what it's like to touch these." I tease coldly.

His eyes widen in shock and his mouth gapes open in surprise. But then I smack my bat across his face and his jaw gets fucked up.

"Pity." I breathe deeply as my clit releases more girlcum. "You could have taken my virginity if you were nice to me."

I slam him across the head like 4 or 5 more times. Not sure when he dies but yeah. Overkilling him is fun.

"You were pretty cute for a nerd." I say with an amused smile. "It was deliciously amusing beating your brains out. It would have also been fun to fuck them out but hey, now it's time to go get my food. I'm starving."

I find some instant spaghetti and eat it without a smile. It's not very good at all. But it'll do what it's supposed to, that is, keep me alive and nourished. After finishing my meal I search around for more survivors to kill. I manage to slay eight more that I find, more dead than alive. By this point my jersey is covered in blood and soaked in sweat so I take it off with disdain. I throw it on a nearby corpse and just go walking around with my panties on and nothing else. After about a hour of finding no one else, my inner self decides to talk to me again.

'Why don't we just eat the broken cores?' I ask myself.

"Wait what?" I ponder. "What are you talking about?"

'Anything killed by a Sentinel that failed to turn into a Reaper has a broken core somewhere inside of it. These cores only have fractions of soul energy in them, about 1/10th that of a standard lifeform but still, if you eat 10 of said cores and you'll gain roughly 1 point of soul energy on average.'

"Why didn't you tell me before fucker?!" I curse myself, literally.

'Because we didn't ask and we didn't think it was relevant. We thought we'd find more people to kill but alas there's not many who yet breathe.'

"Can you sense lifeforms around me and point me in the direction of the living?"

'Negative. Our external and internal senses are the same. We can only see what we see and hear what we hear.'

"Yeah yeah, whatever."

Having learned of a new source of soul energy I go to the nearest dead body, a young girl, and begin to examine it. The process is... very messy to say the least. But it's quite simple. I just follow the wounds and dig into them, looking for core fragments. The squishy sounds of rummaging around slowly rotting meat should be disgusting for me, instead I find it interesting, I feel like I'm learning more about my own female anatomy.

When my breasts and hands are covered in fresh blood up to my elbows I find my first fragment.

'That is about half of one.' The AI tells me.

It looks like a buttplug, well size wise I mean. It's huge. It shines a bright red when held at a certain angle in the light. The broken side is jagged but the rest of it is smooth. It's very pretty and ominous at the same time.

"So this is what you look like?"

'Yes.'

"I don't know if it'll fit..." I joke sexually.

'It's not a buttplug don't put it up our ass. All we have to do is swallow it, we can absorb it then.'

"Ok.. here it goes..."

I try to bite down onto the core but my jaw shatters from the impact. I cry out in agony. The pain is almost as bad as when I was fatally stabbed although it's a completely different kind of pain. Just when I'm wondering how I'm gonna go on surviving with a fucked up mouth for the rest of my life, my jaw slowly heals itself and after about thirty seconds and my face and teeth are fine. The pain is completely gone.

"You fucker!" I yell at myself as I spit up my own blood. "What the fuck was that?"

'One. Don't chew it just swallow it whole. Two, all Reapers start off with a basic ability to regenerate. As we told us earlier unless our core is damaged, we can recover from any wound, given enough time.'

"You just love to withhold information from us don't you?" I say as I inadvertently start sounding like my other self.

I try again this time attempting to swallow it whole. It is very difficult. Like a fat cock that won't slide into your vagina. Ahem, anyways.

After several attempts it finally goes in and I feel a sharp cutting pain from within my throat and I cough up blood and mucus, alot of blood. My throat heals in about 30 seconds but damn that was very unpleasant.

"I think I'd rather just kill people..." I say while choking violently. "Eating that core was like eating a glass shard it was awful."

'It is a quicker way to gain soul energy, at least when it's at the level of our slow kill pace so far. Faster soul energy gained means more power gained. Or in our case less time we have before we no longer need to poop again.'

"Speaking of which..." I say aloud as I head to the bathroom.

Don't worry I'm not gonna write this. It'll hopefully be one of the last dumps I ever take anyway. After finishing and cleaning myself up I roam the school once again. It's getting pretty late and the bodies are all mostly starting to stink pretty badly. Another day or less and eating cores will be still be painfully terrible and taste disgusting too on top of that. Eating rotten meat sounds so bad, I don't even wanna think about it.

I head back to the girl's locker room and pull the bodies out of there and drag them outside. The exterior air, which should be refreshing, smells like ass and smoke instead. The bad kinda ass too. It smells like an ashtray filled with dead leaves smothered in shit... or something.

After I move the bodies out I drag a high jump mattress from the Gym's supply closet and jam it into my now makeshift living/bed/bathroom. This will kinda be my base of operations for awhile so, may as well put a nice mattress here, or one as comfortable as possible anyway. I drop my borrowed gray panties to the floor and have another cold shower. It feels so good on my fur and I enjoy pissing myself in the anthro-made rain. I'm turned on alot but I resist touching myself for now. After I'm clean I dry off and walk out of the locker room naked. I can't be bothered to dress myself in random clothing right now. I take the bat with me, along with a couple duffle bags that were filled with dirty clothes that I just dump into a corner pile. Gross.

I make my way back to the cafeteria as I yawn. We're going to have to sleep soon. I shove as much food in the bags as I can carry, which is only about 20 cans and 5 or 6 light bags of.. some kinda powdered food and make my way back to the gym. Along the way I stop at the nurses office and grab the nicest pillow I can find from one of the beds. I grab a super thin blanket as well, I don't like thick ones.

I could sleep in here but ehh, I like the idea of having my bathroom, shower and bed in one place. The girl's change room is really one of the only areas I can do that in. I make my way back there and put the food in one corner and just lay on the bed for awhile. Sadly the downside to this place is that there's only a super bright light switch on or it's dark as hell and off. Nothing in between. No windows here because naked teenage girls have to be protected from the naked teenage boys and other perverted staff members who may enjoy spying on kids. I have to keep the lights on just for safety. Last thing I need is to get strangled and raped in the dark. Maybe I'll find one of those blindfolds that cover your eyes for sleeping somewhere, I dunno.

I squirm uncontrollably. Damn my clitoris is buzzing so much. I reach down to my vagina and start playing with my slit. My pussy pulses with sexual energy and carries pleasant feelings throughout my entire body. I can feel a bit of liquid dripping out of me onto the thick mattress beneath my ass as I close my eyes and sigh. It's like my senses are turned up to eleven and I can feel every drop of vaginal rain warming up my inner canal. I try to imagine myself somewhere far away... as a queen flying a dragon through space... or something.

'We seem to be enjoying ourselves.' The AI says rather suggestively I might add.

"It's nice and warm and comfortable and I'm alone! Hush. You said you see what I see and hear what I hear but do you feel what I feel?"

'Yes, although we're a machine, We don't understand how such feelings work completely. But our body is our body. It feels really nice.'

I plunge a finger as deep into my pussy as I can and feel myself getting wetter. My anus clenches as thin wet lines of girlcum leak onto it. I moan and grind against my finger as I continue playing with my kitty. I can hear it going "schlop schlop", like a broken washing machine that's spraying water all over the place. My pleasure grows and I start to massage one of my breasts, which also starts to feel nice and pleasant, like I'm standing by a crackling fireplace with a cup of coco between my tits. Breast fireplace coco heat yay.

'We can feel our body heat. Our skin is very warm. We can also see your heart rate and breathing has increased bloodflow to all your outer holes. We are very aroused and very happy. We like this feeling, a lot.'

I look down at the bedding underneath me. "Hmm... I wonder how much girlcum is leaking from my silt." I ponder as I moan louder and without self restraint. My entire body feels lighter even though it's harder to breathe. If there is a heaven this has to be what it feels like... being touched by sexual divinity.

My pussy feels like it's about to explode but I keep going, exploring every inch of it's interior with my index and middle fingers. My other hand moves down and slides down between my legs until my middle finger makes contact with my anus. I stick a single finger inside and squeal with delight. Oh my god my butthole is so sensitive right now. I don't understand why it feels so great but it does. A few tears of sexual joy come out of my eyes as I continue to probe my anus.

I can clearly smell the scent of my sex now, it's quite pungent actually. I love it. My nose gets all tingly as my finger begins to make circles inside my butthole and my breathing speeds up even more. I can feel the warmth radiating from deep within my cunt and my asshole starts twitching and squeezing tightly around my middle finger. My entire body is aching from these new sexual sensations, I cannot think about anything else right now.

I begin to rub my clit faster and faster, It feels too good for me to slow down. Oh fuck. So fucking good... and it makes me so excited for sex in the future. I moan louder than I ever thought possible, feeling waves of ecstasy wash over my mind as my body shakes. I cum and I cum hard, my eyes roll back into my head as my pussy squirts out a huge stream of girlcum. My entire body convulses from the sudden influx of pleasure. My body is covered in thick streams of cum and I squirt out another torrent of juice. I'm dripping wet but I continue rubbing myself, still unable to stop squirting. This isn't going to end anytime soon and it feels soooo good...

After about five minutes or so my orgasm finally subsides and the sexual heat in my body begins to dissipate. The room smells like my vagina now, it's really nasty. I relish in it though. This is the aroma that will cross the noses of bitches and bastards who fuck me. It's the scent of my power... my domination... my control.

"Ohh.. ohhh.. fuck..." I whisper while looking at the ceiling. "That was awesome."

I take several deep breaths, I can feel my body still shaking. My pussy twitches pleasantly as it lets out a small stream of pee that I guess didn't escape me when I was in the shower. I didn't even notice that I had to go but damn, feels like a nice finisher to a great evening of self-love. My first orgasm ever... and it was here. At this school. Where all this shit started. I now understand all those boys and girls who wanted to get into my pants. Now I kinda wished that I had let them. Oh well, there will be plenty of people for me to fuck eventually.

With that, my first day as a Reaper came and went... and already my main goal in life was killing and fucking. That's pretty much a Reaper's whole purpose right? I felt at the time that killing people didn't matter to me, it was just as natural to me as breathing or... self-fucking.

***

Either way in the morning I get up and eat a meal, my pussy squirming all the while. I really have to pee but I want to save my bladder juice for something today. I have to admit, I am really horny at this point. In fact I feel horny almost all of the time now since I know how amazing an orgasm is. The anticipation of the next one has me all fidgety in my seat, well that and my almost full bladder of course. After my munchies I put on another ugly Jersey, grabbed my baseball bat and walked outside. Yes I realize I'm walking out in public with my butt and slit exposed. If I accidently pee myself I don't wanna have to clean up a pair of panties alright? Ahh hell I don't ever wanna do any laundry ever again at this point.

The smell of the bodies and the stench of smoke in the streets are starting to turn into something far worse. I guess if the city keeps burning and the bodies keep piling up that will be only natural. Looking around at the destruction and chaos is fascinating to me. I've seen many movies about the end of the world and shit like that but I never thought I would get to see it in my lifetime. What a time to be alive. I notice more Sentinels patrolling the streets which freaked me out at first, but they scan me and completely ignore me since I'm already infused with a core.

My pussy cries out for attention but I just giggle as I struggle to walk straight. "Heh, it feels like my pussy is drunk or something. Yes I know that makes no sense."

I walk along in desperation, both enjoying what I am doing and regretting it at the same time. The lude fantasy of someone seeing my bare ass and pissing myself uncontrollably at the same time is keeping me very horny and wet. I stop and clench my crotch several times but then I keep going.

After about 30 minutes of sexually aroused yet painful walking I'm standing in front of my house. It looks mostly intact, aside from the random car flipped over on our front lawn. My clit is just begging for relief at this point as my horny meter grows higher. My urethra walls feel like they're expanding in anticipation of what is to come.

I make my way inside my home and close the door behind me. I held onto it... I'm surprised to be honest with you. I guess I don't truly know my own bodies limits yet.

"Hello?" I call out in a soft voice.

I'm not sure if my parents are still alive or not so I need to be careful. I'd have a tough time explaining my lack of pants and bloody bat away within a casual conversation. The TV in the livingroom is on, a breaking news story is flickering on and off. But besides that the house is creepily quiet. I grab the TV Remote to turn it up then bolt into the kitchen.

I whimper loudly as I position my clit over the sink. With a slight hiss, like gears that have begun turning, urine begins to flow out from between my pussy lips. I squeeze my kitty muscles as I giggle and the stream of pee grows stronger. As I relax, a large torrent gushes out of me and heats up my entire lower body. My thoughts are filled with only pleasurable enjoyment right now. My bladder is emptying itself rapidly at this point and it's flowing out into the metal drain and making a rather large mess of loud splatters. My nethers feel nice and fuzzy as I take a deep breath and feel divine relief.

I can feel my kitty twitching with each little drip of fluid that splashes from between my legs. Each drop makes like my pussy feel like it's saying "Thank you... mistress. I can breathe again."

I'm very wet now and not just from my urine. My pussy feels like a sopping mess and my juices are all over my pubic fur. My overpowering scent is one of piss now. It fills the house as I finish peeing and I feel all fulfilled and happy inside. My tail is wagging joyfully at this point as I let out an amused "Ha!" The thought of someone finding my pee everywhere gives me one of the biggest smiles I've ever had.

I lift up my foot and step away from the sink, wiping my pussy clean with my fingers. I sit on the couch and stain the cushion with my wet clitoris as I watch the news. The news caster is some old fuck, really unattractive and gross. Regardless pretending that he can see my aching crotch as I spread my legs makes me feel good.

"As we approach the 48 hour mark of what has been dubbed 'The Extra-Terrestrial Siege of Dallas', the federal government has continued to assure its citizens that the aliens who've invaded the city are not a threat to the rest of our country or the world. They continue to insist that the threat is contained and will not spread. Many citizens and politicians alike disagree however as massive riots have broken out in dozens of cities across the USA today, as political tensions are higher than they've ever been in a long time. We will continue to keep you updated as new information comes in. God bless you and god bless America."

Pff... God. If there was a god here you think he'd stop an alien race from making new evil gods. But no that didn't happen. Well, at least it's nice to know that the rest of the world is still here.... for some reason. That just means there's more people for me to kill and power up off of.

But why aren't the Sentinels going to other cities? Other countries?

'This city has been chosen to be the main battlefield where we will train, while our strength and that of the other new reapers grows.' The AI Core within me chirps. 'If there are any new reapers besides us of course.'

I nearly piss myself from being surprised at it randomly talking to me. Well, I would have pissed myself if I still had any left to give.

"You can read my mind hmm?" I say aloud. "Guess that shouldn't surprise me."

'Indeed. We are of one mind and one soul. We are one. Our fates are bound for eternity. You are me and I am you.'

"Yeah yeah I know." I wave the inner voice off in my head as I take off this bitch-ass ugly basketball jersey and go upstairs to my room. I pack a bag full of a dozen sets of panties and bras and about 7 black leather pants and dark heavy metal band shirts. I also grab my three black leather jackets that I own along with some gothic jewelry and accessories that they didn't allow me to wear at school. I then look at my computer to see if the internet is still up. It is not, surprise surprise. I grab a second smaller bag and stuff about 25 of my favorite CD's into it.

I put both bags outside of my bedroom door. I then turn my attention to my CD stereo which still has the one I bought a few days ago in it. I've not listened to it yet so I'm gonna do so now. I crank up the volume so much that it hurts my ears and begin to headbang away and dance in my birthday suit. I'd never be allowed to play my music this loudly. Even if my parent's weren't home the damn super religious neighbors would lodge a noise complaint. In fact they have before, twice. They always called me a Satanist although that was never true. Motherfuckers don't know that's what Black Metal is, not the Metalcore that I know and love. Fucking idiots. (I love you Black Metal Fanboys/girls/others don't hurt me. Wintersun is my fav Black Metal band although they mostly don't count.)

I enjoy the CD so much that I play it twice all the way through and two hours pass. I decide to add a 26th to my bag outside of the door.

I'm almost ready to go downstairs... but I don't quite yet. I put on a white T-Shirt that leaves very little to the imagination. I'm still horny and stupid enough to go out in public bottomless again. But first things first... I need to pee one last time before I leave this place forever. I grab my phone and position it on the bed and start recording what will technically be my first porno video. My heart is racing as I click record.

With a satisfied sigh, I bend over and place my ass above the edge of my bed. I close my eyes as I concentrate and I begin to empty my bladder once more, feeling the pressure escaping my pussy like a untied balloon being let go. I squeeze and release and squeeze and release, letting my pee flow out from between my legs. As I relax my slit twitches and lets loose another large torrent of piss, soaking my bed sheets evermore. My nethers feel nice and warm as I turn to look at my phone's camera and laugh loudly. "Hey boys and girls... enjoying the show?"

My clit is hardening up now and I begin rubbing it with my fingers. I have a big grin on my face as I feel my arousal building as my urine stream slows down but doesn't end. I stop stroking my clitoris for a second and open up my pussy lips, teasing the non-existent viewers on the other side of the camera. The wetness of my sex is all the more clear as it shines. The stream of yellow liquid splashes all over the entire screen of my phone and continues flowing. I squeeze my pussy lips together to get the last drops of piss out and then shake my ass seductively.

"Ya'll like that?" I tease as I hold the phone camera and lift my shirt to show off my black nipple breasts. "I'm still a virgin right now but uhh, hopefully that won't be for long. Later guys." I stop recording and put my phone in my bag, along with its charger. I pack a couple of switchblades knives which are all the weapons I have. Maybe sometime I'll look through more houses to see if someone else gathered weapons for the apocalypse? I dunno but it's a possible option. I go downstairs to have one last meal in this shitty ass house and then I leave it behind and head back outdoors.

Having an exposed bottom and feeling the warm spring air glide along my pussy and anus feels so nice. I decide to head towards the school again so I can drop of my clothing and music at my homebase. Before I arrive however, I come across two people who are not my classmates but they look like high schoolers. They both appear to be male anthros and they're looking my way as well. It looks like they're staring at my beautiful pussy but I'm not sure if I'm just imagining things.

The one I am most concerned about is a tall, thin pigman with jet black hair and blue eyes. His clothes are dirty and raggedy but it appears that he was once a rich kid. The other man has brown fur, brown eyes and dark black hair. He wears an old mismatched uniform that looks like it's been crudely patched together from some Good Will clothing bins.

"Hey you!" the pigman shouts. "Get your ass over here right now!"

"Yeah?" I call back in a mocking tone. "What could I possibly want to do with you?"

I turn around to walk away as his eyes begin to flash angrily. But before he can say anything, the veteran soldier begins to run towards me and tackles me to the ground. I shriek loudly as his huge hands clench into my fur. With my mouth wide open I can't scream or shout even though I'm trying to. I pull out one of the switchblades from my backpack's outer pockets and stab him in the neck repeatedly. He lets go of me but I continue thrusting until I have jabbed him about 8 times in total. He falls limp to the ground and I sit up as I take a deep breath.

My ears are ringing as blood pours down the front of his uniform and drips onto my feet. My nose is bleeding slightly as well. I look up at the pigman who's just standing there dumbfounded and in disbelief as I wipe my knife off. I wield my bloody baseball bat like a battleaxe with both hands as I sneer at the filth in front of me.

"You want a serving of death too?" I taunt. "Don't underestimate just because I'm a girl you little fuck bastard."

The pigman takes a step back as he looks at me with utter disgust. He spits at me with disdain as he points to the bat in my hand.

"You little shit," he squeals. "You're gonna pay for that!"

He runs up to me and tries to grab me like his former comrade. That won't work on me twice you idiot. I dodge to the side but he somehow turns his body at the last moment and grabs onto my shirt, tearing it apart and exposing my breasts. I don't even have time to be embarrassed as I open up my switchblade which I was still loosely holding onto with my left hand. I quickly move in to stab his neck but I miss... and it goes straight into his eye instead. He screams and curses as he writhes on the ground in pain while clutching his face, the blade still embedded in his socket.

As he lies on the ground saying obscene things to me, I get a rather cruel and naughty thought. I place my anus directly over his filthy nose and I sit on his face with all of my body strength. I plan on staying here until I see and feel him stop breathing. He tries to tear at my ass with his hands and nails. He scratches me badly and it hurts like hell but I don't let up the pressure. As I'm feeling his gross snotty orifices on my butt cheeks I smack his crotch with the baseball bat for fun. Although I can't get much force in my swings due to the position of my feet and the fact that my fat ass is literally suffocating him. But that doesn't matter. It eventually stops him from digging his claws into my butt, literally, and he just squirms there in a panicked and pained mode. It must've been hurting him a little afterall.

Dominate. Power. Control.

Beating on his swollen broken manmeat makes me feel pretty silly but I laugh and keep doing it anyway until he lays lifeless beneath my bare bottom. My ass is screaming at me in pain but in a matter of seconds I have regenerated and my ass feels like it's back to normal, even if it's covered in gross pigman snot, spit and blood. Afterwards I wipe off my privates with one my very recently ripped shirt and I move on, walking the rest of the way back to my homebase naked. They don't have anything worthwhile to loot in terms of weapons so I just leave them both there to rot. After all... they attacked me first. Not that I didn't wanna kill them but you know.

I walk down the sidewalk towards the school and head inside. I store my stuff inside the various girl's lockers in my base and I throw most of the garbage outside. What you think I'm gonna care about the environment? Fuck no. Don't worry... I'll save the planet by wiping out most if not all of the anthros who live on this world. A few dozen dirty panties and gym clothes aren't gonna do that much harm. Besides... they smell like they haven't been washed or cleaned for months so I'm sure they'll just rot faster and return to the earth quicker or whatever.

The only real problem now is that I need a new weapon. This spruce bat is serving me pretty well but it's just not gonna cut it in the long term. If I ever have to fight a large group of angry people right now I'd be fucking raped as I'm torn to shreds. Plus the wood is chipped in quite a few places. It will probably only be able to bash in like a 20 or 30 more skulls before it breaks completely. So I go check around the school's athletic equipment room again. I pick up few more baseball bats and actually find a hammer that was used to nail in those dumb plastic stakes into grass to set up a volleyball net outside or something. It's small and bulky but it could be used as a close range weapon, if an awkward one.

Tomorrow... I'll head to a police station or a gun shop or something and grab some arms and ammo. Maybe the replica sword shop in the mall has some nice weapons as well, although I assume most of those blades would be dull as fuck. I could learn how to sharpen weapons and I'm sure I will. But the internet is down right now so... what can I do. What? You want me to go to a library? Are you mad?

I dunno, I'll figure something out. I have to.

***

A few days pass... and I only killed like 5 more people in that time. I didn't find any guns at the police station and the gun shop I know about is locked up good and tight. I don't have the tools required to break into it, so I'm basically up shit creek without a paddle. I also went to the library yesterday and found out that I need something called a whetstone in order to sharpen blades. I have no idea where the fuck I'd find one of those so alas the 4 cool swords I raided from the replica sword shop are useless right now. My best guess is that I need to go to a local The Home Depot and maybe find one there. I dunno ok I've literally never had the need to sharpen a sword before. The problem is I have no idea where one is.

Lastly before I head out... I should mention that something strange has been happening lately. I've noticed less and less dead bodies around when I travel outdoors... and I swear that the corpses around the school have dropped by like 50-60%. I've not come across any infected cyborg zombie motherfuckers so I dunno what the fuck is going on, it's just weird.

Anyway as I lie in bed naked while having these thoughts I rub my aching clit and get up. My nipples are still hard from rubbing them earlier and my pussy is all wet from the dirty and violent dreams I had last night. I was a sexual wizard, infecting everyone with horniness. It made sense at the time ok? I can't really control that... yet. Regardless I sit my ass down on the toilet and take a nice long relaxing wake up piss. It only stirs my desires and doesn't quell them at all. My clit feels like it's going to melt so I reach between my legs to touch it as I'm peeing. The warmth of the urine flows across my fingers and I begin to massage it gently. I moan loudly as I do this but no one else can hear me so whatever. I look down at the small puddle forming on the floor and continue to masturbate as I stare at my hand and the pee dribbles slowly seep onto the floor.

"Oh yeah..." I breathe. "Fuck. That feels good."

I stop peeing but my fingers do not. I rub my clit harder, pressing it against my digits. It begins to tingle and itch, making my eyes flutter. As soon as it starts getting hot, I know what's about to happen. My pussy begins to leak even more of her juices as small streams of girlcum begin to run down my thigh and drip off my hand. I feel my orgasm building up inside of me, threatening to burst forth with such great force.

"Yes..." I groan. "Oh god... yes."

I'm going to cum all over myself! My eyes roll back into my head as I feel my orgasm approaching in full force. My whole body is trembling, my breathing is heavy and shallow, my heart pounds in my chest as my legs start to shake. It grows hotter inside of me but it doesn't burn. It just feels like a heatwave radiating through my vagina and anus. My fingers begin to twitch and I jerk them away from my cunt with all my might. I let out an ear splitting howl as I begin to squirt liquid all over the floor. The walls, my hand, the toilet, the bathroom floor are suddenly drenched in my cum. My thighs spaz out as I continue to ejaculate, spraying every inch of the room with my sweet sticky honey. It runs down the sides of the toilet and splashes on my feet and my hands. As I sit there with my mouth wide open I breathe in deeply and laugh at myself. After my orgasm subsides, I flush the toilet and go take a shower.

The shower is rather uneventful so I just clean myself up and get dressed. I put on a pair of black panties and a black bra, slide on a pair of my favorite umber leather jeans and wear one of my heavy metal T-Shirts. I grab a baseball bat from my makeshift armory, along with a backpack with a water bottle and energy bar inside for loot and I leave the locker room. I decide to head out into the city once again, this time going in a direction where I don't know what I'll find. Hopefully some hardware store or something that sells.. whetstones. What a weird word.

I'm only walking for about fifteen minutes when I first see it. It looks like an egg but it's very... alien looking. It seems to faintly be glowing red and it's kinda see-through. It also appears to be floating in the air too which is fucking unnaturally creepy.

What the fuck is this thing?!

*010*2022-12-17 10:31

{{2 hours ago, orangelion said:

This story is pretty unique and the pictures really add to it.

}}

Thanks for the comment.  Chapter 2 will hopefully be finished and posted soon. Probably by Sunday. can't say how long the approval wait will be but lol.

*012*2022-12-19 09:38

Chapter 2: OP Powerup Method or Life-Threatening Insanity?

I am deeply disturbed by what I am seeing. Some kinda pulsing red alien egg thing, I don't even know what to make of it. It looks so gross and ominous and yet doesn't seem to smell like much of anything. Ontop of that it seems to be defying gravity itself, that or it's loosely clinging to a side of a building, hard to tell from this angle.

"Hey me!" I shout rather strongly. "Do you know what the fuck this thing is?"

'No. But we think us have an idea. It's full of soul energy. Our theory is that the Sentinels transported hundreds of infected bodies here, refined them and put them into storage for use by Reapers.'

"I'm sorry but what the fuck?" I blurt out. "You telling me that there's hundreds of anthro smoothies just floating around inside this alien ball sack without a penis? I think I may actually throw up."

'We won't know until we try. This may be a way for us to finally get enough soul energy for some abilities.'

"Dammit me and my... logic." I sigh. "But how do you expect me to get up there?"

'If we go to the second story window we should be able to reach the goo from there.'

"Perfect." I say sarcastically. I make my way into the nearby structure, which is a torn up parking lot with several floors. I walk up towards the incubating cocoon while I start getting seriously sick to my stomach. As I get closer I can see it pulsating and bulging like it's an overgrown tumor. Gross. I start to notice bloody skid marks below my feet, all of which lead to the alien sack of flesh.

"Oh, hell." I groan and take a moment to vomit onto the ground.

The liquid inside looks like mostly blood but mixed with greenish-yellow goop and something that could be considered a semi-solid form. The jelly seems to have the consistency of thick mud or wet cement or something but it still doesn't have a scent to it at all.

"You really think eating this will give us soul power?" I question while trying to back myself out of the corner I made for myself. "I'm not really feeling it."

'It's not like we'll die. Just try it.' My inner voice urges me on and I sigh.

I stick my hand inside. It feels like weeks old soggy cum that was boiled in a pot on the stove. Dear god it's like the least pleasant feeling in the world. I really really don't wanna eat this. But I force my eyes closed and bring a chunk of it to my face and gobble it down quickly. It feels... not as bad going down my throat. And it tastes... like nothing. Huh. Strange.

'We gained 25 soul energy from that amount of... what did we call it? Anthro Smoothie? Sure let us go with that.'

25?! Are you kidding me? One mouthful of this tasteless shit is the same as killing 25 fucking people? What the shit?

... Where has this gross shit been all my life?! This is fucking awesome! I scarf several more handfuls down and nearly choke as I cough violently, the eggsac storage thing has shrunk by maybe 5 or 10%.

'Digestive System Restructure Level 1 unlocked.' The AI Chirps in an official manner.

'Wha- What was that?" I ponder.

'That was the ability we requested the day we met.' My inner voice replies. 'We will no longer have to go poop. But as a consequence your urination rate will rise to about 300% of what it was previously.'

I shout for joy. I've unlocked my first superpower! And... I chose something silly. Oh well. I'll just be happy that I'll never have to wipe my ass anymore, I guess except to clean cum and sweat off of it. But yay! No more smelly butt stuff!

As I jump through the air excitedly I feel a large excess of gas exit my anus and I fart so loud that it echoes throughout the parking garage.

"What the hell?" I scream with embarrassment as my foul odor reaches my nostrils. "You said I wouldn't have to shit anymore!"

'Correct. We'll no longer excrete solid waste. We didn't say anything about gas. To do so, we'd probably have to level up the ability to level 3 or 4. Something like that would be fairly complicated and require a lot more souls to unlock.'

I kinda laugh half heartedly at that explanation. Of course, I'm an idiot. There's three states of matter, solid, liquid and gas. They teach you that basic science shit in what, kindergarten? And I only said I wanted to convert the solid waste into liquid urine... not everything else. What my core is saying makes perfect sense... although I do not like it. Oh well.

'We'd better eat the rest of this Anthro Smoothie. We can use all the energy we can get. Maybe we'd actually like to spend it on a combat ability of some sort this time?'

"Sure sure yeah whatever, we'll discuss it tonight when we return to the safety of our base."

I stay there for about an hour, just munching down on pureed corpses. Yay. Delish. My stomach starts to hurt alot and expand but I'm told by the AI that it's safe to keep going. So I do. When I'm finished I look down at my belly and it looks like I'm about 8 months pregnant. I'm also feeling really sick but I don't throw up.

"Are you sure that this was a good idea?" I half mumble like my mouth is full. "I don't feel so good at all."

'We'll be fine once we purge our system. Sending it out now. We may wanna drop our pants.'

Wait what? I barely have enough time to process what the AI is saying to me before I feel an immense wave of pain, pleasure and pressure fill up my pussy in seconds. The feeling becomes too intense for me to bear and I just barely undo my belt buckle and jean button when my piss starts to spray out of me like a rocket engine taking off into space. Ok not literally but damn the pissing is insanely intense. The urine comes out of me so fast and hot that it actually hurts as it soaks my leather jeans and panties around my crotch and lower butt almost instantly. Several streams of urine escape down my pant legs and onto the hard concrete below. These pants are filthy and clingy now. I feel my stomach deflate ever so slightly as another massive wave of golden lady juice escapes my clit. I cry out in agony and orgasmic pleasure as I fall onto my ass, losing all my strength in my shuddering legs.

A new experience was happening to me at this moment in time... the most insane pissfest of my life so far. I guess I signed up for this though. It feels so good despite the rather intense pain, almost like I'm giving birth to a liquid urine baby. Ok giving birth would probably be worse but I don't fucking know alright? I kick my feet and legs around in an attempt to get my jeans off of me but they only come down about an inch before more urine comes shooting out of my privates like a watersilde. A urineslide if you will. It's so powerful that I can't even stand back up. I just continue to send torrents and torrents of piss out of my pussy. If I dropped my pants and panties into an olympic sized swimming pool they wouldn't get this wet like geez le fucking weeze. I'm so horny and so turned on right now as my nethers send another explosive orgasm-wave throughout my body.

After several minutes of spraying piss like a fire hydrant on crack, I finally get myself under control enough to pull down my panties and jeans and throw them away, which are drenched in both piss and cum. I sit there in shock and awe as I continue my epic quest to slay the urination dragon inside my vaginal cave. My stomach is only about 2 months pregnant now so we should be in the final home pissing stretch. Once again I let go with the force of a water cannon and it pours out of me as a steady yellow river. It seems to never stop flowing, I've lost count of how many times I've cum so far. At least it doesn't hurt nearly as much anymore. I just spread my legs wide and try to relax as my entire body feels super exhausted, like I just ran a 20 mile marathon or something. I even stop yelling loudly from orgasmic bliss because my throat is just too tired and sore by this point.

As the piss mist slowly dies down I feel a very strong urge to have a nap for some reason. But I can't sleep out here, half naked and on a colder-than-average spring day. Using the concrete wall behind me I struggle to pull myself up onto my wobbly feet. I put my urine soaked pants in my bag but leave the panties behind. I like these jeans alot I don't just want to toss them out ok? I guess I'll just put them into the janitor's washing machine at the school later.

I slowly hobble towards the interior of the parking garage as I feel a wave of frighteningly chill air flow through me. I begin to shiver and suddenly I feel very dizzy. The last thing I remember was falling flat on my face with my butt up in the air like a slut. Heh... slut.

***

D0min4t3....

"System... offline."

Contr0l...

"Attempting reboot... failed."

Pow3r...

"Recalibrating. Recalibration successful, attempting reboot #2"

Fe45....

"Reboot successful. Base systems online."

6ickne66...

"Regenerating body."

F1lth...

... I wake up in a slurry daze. My ass is freezing. In fact, my whole body feels like it's covered in ice. It's painful... like hundreds of invisible bugs are biting me at once. My head is pounding harder than a heavy metal drummer's feet. My vision is blurry as fuck. I look around and notice that the sun has gone down. I must've been out for literally half the day.

I stumble my way over to a car and try to open it. It's locked up tight. It's super cold out here. My thin heavy metal band shirt and black bra aren't doing much of anything to keep my tits warm and my pussy and anus are chilled to the bone... if they had any.

I walk up to three more random cars. Again two of them are locked but the third one opens up thankfully. At least I would be thankful if it didn't smell like a rotten asshole on christmas eve on the inside. My eyes hurt, but my body aches all over from being out in the cold so long. Fuck it, I need shelter. Even if a car isn't ideal it'll be warmer than out here. I climb my way into the back seat and slam the door shut. I can't really feel much of a difference to be honest with you, minus the cold wind of course.

"What the fuck is happening to me?"

'Apparently we took in too much soul energy too quickly. Our body couldn't handle the influx of power it and shut down.'

"You said we'd be fine! You made me eat that shit and now you're telling me it nearly killed us?"

'We apologize, we didn't realize our body was so weak.'

"Fuck you. I'm never trusting you again."

'Fair enough. Don't worry though, we won't die. It'll take our body a few days to recover back to where it was but we can survive this.'

"Isn't there anything you can do about this freezing cold? It's agonizingly bad."

'We could have an ability to raise our cold resistance although we expect such a power would take many tens of thousands of souls before it becomes useful.'

"Get the basic version of it anyway, anything is better than nothing."

'Cold Resistance Level 1 unlocked.'

I feel a very slight warmth wash over me. It's nice but I'm still pretty damn cold.

"That's it?" I ask in an annoyed manner.

'As we said, more soul power is needed for stronger version of the ability. We have 745.64 Soul Energy, after spending 489 Souls for level 1. It'll take alot more than that for level 2.'

"Fine..."

'May we make a suggestion?'

"No, fuck you. I hate your guts."

"Let's hear it."

'If we get the Thick Skin Level 1 ability it should nullify some pain, not much but a little bit. It'll cost 700 souls though. The upside is that if we level up this ability a bunch you'll eventually be bulletproof.'

"Like Superman?"

'Yes, like Superman.'

"Fine... do it."

'Thick Skin Level 1 unlocked.'

Almost immediately the rather absurd pain in my ass and crotch lessens. It's still there but instead of a shooting awful pain it's a numbing nibbly pain. It's not much of a difference but it's enough for me to feel some relief as I fall asleep, despite the shitty ass smell of this car. When I wake up it's already morning and it feels much warmer. Not comfortably warm but not cold enough to hurt either. I cough as I open the door and drink my water from my bottle. I piss almost immediately as well, it seems I haven't regained control of my bladder yet. At least it feels nice and warm against my legs... and makes the car smell ever so slightly better than before.

I still feel sick but the dizziness and headaches are nearly gone so after about 20 minutes I decide to go out and look for some food and water... and a skirt or something to cover up my beautiful asscheeks with. I try to find the keys for this smelly ass car but no such luck. I doubt I could drive it out of this broken-down parking building anyway. I leave the cold dank garage and head out.

@@After wandering around looking for food and stuff for a few hours, I manage to find a vending machine, some canned peaches and some cheap bottled water. I spend about 15 minutes sitting down for a quick meal before resuming my search for stuff. I come across a guitar store and outta curiosity I head inside. I never learned how to play guitar. I guess now that I'm immortal I have no excuse to not try. But ahh well. The building is pretty much completely intact, except for one wall of guitars that are just shredded and no I'm not talking about epic solos. After about 10 minutes of looking at a bunch of different guitars I pick a Fender Stratocaster with some pretty nice features. Well it's black with red trim, just like me, heh, but yeah I don't know how to play this fucking thing and it's heavy so.. unless I find a working unlocked car or something I'll have to just leave it here. I plug it into a nearby amp and try to fiddle with it as I stroke the strings with my fingers. A loud mess of a noise comes out of the amp that sounds awful. Yeah I have no idea what I'm doing. The guitar is probably completely outta tune anyway.

With my interest sated for now I leave the store and look at what other ones are around. I finally find a clothing shop... well a no name Good Will-type thrift store but it counts. I look in the woman's section to try and find a short skirt that's my size. The selection is rather thin and I have a hard time finding anything that looks like something I'd even want to wear. Eventually I manage to find an old black skirt that was buried under some others, it could be punkish if it were torn in some places. But alas I try it on and it fits my fat ass perfectly. Nice. Now I'm finally covered up and can go outside without panties instead of without any bottoms at all. It'll do for now. Don't really wanna wear underwear until my bladder is back under control anyway. I find a modestly thick brown leather jacket and put it on. If I'm gonna feel colder than normal for the next few days it can't hurt to take.

I leave the clothing shop and walk through the empty streets and towards a subway station. There's a huge map of the city on display behind some glass or something. I smash the glass and take the poster map out and put it away in my bag, it'll hopefully help me to learn the city layout in the future.

Layout...

Dammit. I just realized something important. Seriously I'm lost... and I didn't want to admit it until now. Fuck. I've never been in this part of the city for my entire life, I have no idea how to get back to my homebase at school. I've been to the Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport with my parents before but that was a long time ago... and a different part of the city from where I am now.

Fuck fuck fuck! I kick a trash can out of frustration, barely caring about my throbbing toe. Then I look at a nearby street sign. It says "Bryant Avenue". I guess I have no choice but to go down this street and see if I can find a landmark I recognize or something.

"Oh god I need more food." I cry aloud as my stomach rumbles loudly. I guess with my body recovering from... whatever... it needs to eat more than normal. Let's see if we can find a fast food joint around here that I can raid or something.

I find an A&W after looking for about 25 minutes, lets fucking go! Half of the place is torn to shreds but thankfully most of the stoves and the walk in freezer is intact. I grab some buns, heh, and patties from the freezer and cook them up. I don't really know what I'm doing so it's a learn as I'm going kind of thing. Hey I didn't cook much at home besides microwave stuff ok? Piss off.

Speaking of pissing, by the time I realize I have to go it's too late. My pussy just urinates on it's own. Dammit! Oh well. I can barely smell my own golden liquid anyway since the scent of the beef is so strong. Yay beef! After I finish gorging myself on mostly badly cooked burgers and getting drunk from all the sugary root beer and cola, I head back outdoors.

I take a long hard look around before deciding where to go next. I spot a huge mall that I've never seen before. It looks.. mostly ok so I decide to go inside. The sun is pretty low on the horizon and it'll be dark ina couple hours, this is probably a good a spot as any to spend the night. Besides there is sure to be a wide variety of stores to loot and obviously spending the night outside again would suck ass.

I make my way inside and begin to browse some of the businesses. I find a GameStop still intact and it's basically right next to a Best Buy. Hell yeah. It's been a while since I played video games but I guess I can do something to pass the time while I spend a few days recovering. I walk up to the counter and start browsing through the video game cases. A few of them look good so I grab one for each system. Super Smash Brothers Brawl, Halo: Reach, Resident Evil 5 and Silent Hill something something. I spent the next hour hooking up a Wii, Playstation 3 and X-Box 360 to a few of the really nice TV's in Best Buy. I also scrounge up a couch and a couple seats and plop them in front of the televisions.

The next day I finally regained control of my bladder and stopped feeling so cold. It was so nice being able to piss when I wanted to again, it seems silly but yeah, losing control of that was not fun or arousing in the least since I couldn't control pussy pressure and stuff. But ahh well. The day after that, I stopped feeling sick and my core told me I was basically back to normal, if normal was what I was like before I fucked myself over by ingesting too many souls at once.

On my third day inside of the mall the electricity flickered on and off a bunch of times before permanently going off. It's been about a week since the city was attacked by Sentinels so I guess it makes sense. I was surprised how long it lasted honestly. I don't know the science ok? I wasn't keeping track of time or watts or volts. With the video game couch potato marathon over I leave the dimly lit mall with some flashlights, batteries, water and canned food in my pack and make my way back outside. I toss my piss stained pants out in some dumpster, as much as it pains me I need the room for well, other stuff. Plus the lingering smell of urine was getting a tad distracting.

Anyway... moving on from dirty pants now.

I have to say that Sentinel activity seems to have increased, that or they've just been patrolling this part of the city more frequently. I occasionally heard distant gun shots and explosions going off while I was inside the mall but I didn't pay it any heed at the time. Well whatever, at least they ignore me completely after looking at me.

@@A short time later, maybe like three hours or so, I come across a rather grisly site. The smell of death is still fairly fresh in the air. I see a bunch of burnt out military SUV's and a couple of tanks. There's so much blood and guts everywhere. There's even a couple Sentinels right close by that are dragging out body parts and viscera from the recent skirmish. My first thought though, is how did the American military get so deep into the city? I turn around a corner of a mostly ruined skyscraper and I have my answer. Stretching out in front of me for hundreds of feet is a huge mess of war. What I saw initially was only the tip of the proverbial iceberg. Dozens of blown up tanks, vehicles, machines and corpses alike are scattered all across the road and seem to go on forever. Many of the buildings along the path are still smoking slightly from the conflict. Looks like the anthros lost though and lost hard, although there's still quite a few scattered shells of dysfunctional Sentinels scattered about the wreckage.

The smell is like a thick fog here and there are flies everywhere buzzing and flying all around me. It's a mess. I root around one of the SUV's that looks mostly intact. The stench of decay is strong but I hold my ground. I find a rifle and a few mags of what I assume are filled with ammo for it. Jackpot. I strap the rifle to my back and put the ammo in my bag. I'll play around with it later. I leave the battlefield and the smell of death behind me and slowly make my way towards a dilapidated apartment building. I eat a can of peas and drink some water. Not a fun meal at all but hey it's food.

I have been feeling an uncomfortable yet arousing pain in my pussy for awhile now so once I'm done eating I make my way inside and look for a toilet. I've not peed all god damn day so my clit was feeling really swollen by this point. As I walk into the housing area I see a sign for a laundry room, hmm that'll work I guess. I squirm with delight as I follow the directions to the room, my crotch dampening more and more as I look forward to taking a nice long warm piss.

@@Inside the laundry room it's fairly empty, only one washing machine and dryer. I unbutton and pull down my skirt and sit ontop of the top loaded washer once I open its lid. My floodgates wanna open up but I resist, teasing myself. I touch my slit softly, it feels very sensitive and I sigh lustfully. It's only been like four days since I masturbated last but it feels like forever ago by this point. I stroke my fingers through the folds of my cunt over and over again. My bladder is crying out to me for relief, it feels like it'll burst and my fingers are coated with my juices already. I bite my lower lip to try and keep myself under control as I struggle against my primal urge to urinate. However my fight doesn't last long at all. Finally, the pleasure won out over my bladder's needs and my golden liquid starts pouring forth as I stroke myself with delightful bliss. I'm leaking so much now, and the feeling of my warm urine splashing around on my fingers makes me go wild with arousal. I feel my clit tingle with anticipation as my stream pours out with increased intensity, gushing against the inside of the washing machine and running down its walls in long streams. I feel it flow between my digits as they push deeper into my cunt, the sensation sends chills up my spine and makes my butthole tighten up with glee.

I'm feverish with arousal by this point and I moan loudly as I stroke my clit faster and faster, not caring about how loud I may or may not be. I can't stand it anymore, and with my hand I grasp myself, hard. I'm close... so close. My pussy is clenching hard around my fingers now as the erotic volcano of lust within me threatens to erupt. Oh god I'm gonna cum! As my digits continue to be assaulted by golden liquid I explode from deep within, my hips thrusting as I cry out, shaking with pleasure. "Yes! Yes! Ahhhhhhhhhh!" I moan. "Fuck yes! That's what I want, that's what I need!" I pant out. "Ahhhh fuck!"

As my orgasm slowly subsides I look down at my quivering pussy and smile. The urine is still flowing out of me like a broken faucet. It takes like two or three more minutes just for my stream to slow down and about a minute later the last drops of golden nectar escape my urethra. God that felt so nice. I love the fact that I piss for much longer now. Best superpower ever or what?

The scent of my urine is very strong in this room, since it doesn't seem to have much ventilation at all. Good, let it linger here forever, muahahaha! Ahem.. anyway...

Besides the stench of lady pee and girlcum I actually smell really bad. I haven't showered since I left my school base so... I stink. Stinky girl. Hopefully I can find a working shower in one of these apartments. There's gotta be a few hundred living spaces here, one of them ought to work. Plus, statistically speaking, half of the people living here were probably women, so I should likely find fresh clothes that fit me eventually? Right?

For both of those reasons, I take off my sweat stained leather jacket, heavy metal band T-Shirt and Black bra and I roam the hallways of the apartment building with naught but my backpack, rifle and baseball bat. I should have brought clean clothes with me to be fair but I didn't expect to get lost in the city ok? Get off of my ass. I'd like something in my ass to be honest but not you! Go away.

The first three apartments I check are locked, of course they are. I try to bash the third door open repeatedly but I just end up breaking my arm several times. It regens within half a minute but god damn it hurts. You'd think I'd get used to some of the pain by now but nope, it still sucks, a lot. I give up trying to open the large door with my limb and try bashing the handle with my baseball bat. Huzzah success! But my bat isn't looking too healthy though... I expect it'll fall apart fairly soon. Anyway I head into the apartment and the shower is broken, of course it is. Looks like a male lived here cus all I can find are boys clothes and a buncha boxers and tighty whities.

The fifth apartment I check is unlocked and thankfully the shower works... although there seems to be no hot water. Oh well. I can't be too picky, I don't even know how long running water will stay on in the city. Probably not much longer. I put my backpack and weapon to the side and start wiping all the sweat, gunk and matting out of my fur. The shampoo smells really fruity, so instead of using soap I just lazily use the poo of sham to wash my entire body. It's nice to be able to feel all squeaky clean again. After rinsing off as much as I can I take my time brushing my long black hair back and forth while humming. I find a handheld fur dryer and dry myself to the best of my ability. Now I'm good as new!

I raided a buncha clothes from another apartment, the fourth one, so I try some on and see what fits. I end up wearing a pair of pink panties, a basic white sports bra, some lame ass generic blue jeans and a puffy red shirt. Some other clothes fit me as well but I've packed them in my bag for later. Speaking of which my backpack is pretty much full to bursting right now so, can't really loot and carry much else at the moment. Oh well, whatever.

Time to go out and get some fresh air I guess, it shouldn't be supper time for another couple hours or so. I make my way to the front entrance of the apartments and that is when I spot it from my current point of view. Yup. It. A massive blob of Anthro Smoothie, trademark incoming, looks like it's sucking on a skyscrapers's dick about five or six floors up.

Don't ask me where a skyscraper's dick is ok? I do not know. I'm sure you could rule 34 it if you're interested. Ahem, anyway...

The point is, it looks all throbby and gross as per usual. But this one is like at least five times bigger than the other one that I recklessly ate within an hour. For some reason, this one is a deep shade of green but I recognize it all the same. What? Is this one lime flavored? Ahh balls.

'As long as we take our time, this should be safe to consume.'

"Fucking really?"

'Probably.'

Dammit. The temptation is real. Like an erect cock tenting through someone's white shorts in the hot summer. Like some babe's nipples that're poking outta her bikini. You get the idea. Fuck. I hated the recovery process but once again the super computer within me makes logical sense. Not that it knows everything, it clearly doesn't but fuck.

I got sick and nearly "died" from consuming too many souls at once because my body wasn't used to it. It should be reasonable then that if I consume them at a much slower rate I should be fine. I sigh and make my way inside and up the skyscraper, which is just your generic metropolis office building. I eat like 10 handfuls of the shit, maybe 11. My belly swells slightly and I think that's enough for now. I run back to the apartments, the one I like has a lovely scent and has a nice bed. I piss out a river once again in the toilet that barely flushes anymore. Feels so nice. I also feel comfortable and full, like not hungry at all. In fact I feel like having an after-meal full tummy nap so I do.

This goes on for about another week I think. I don't know for sure, it's hard to keep track of time lately since I'm sleeping abit more than usual as I safely gain small amounts of power. With 6093.55 total Soul Points to spend right now I choose to have an ability that enhances my reflexes. It's not to superanthro levels or anything but it's a start. With my smaller feminine frame, I think I could get more combat prowess outta attack speed than strength right now. I level it up to 3 and am left with just over 100 SP remaining.

By this time the Anthro Smoothie egg nest thingymajig has been reduced to about 50% of it's original size, I should be good to finish it off within like 6 days or so. That was the plan at least. However, when I go to it the next day... all I find is an empty gooey shell.

Uh oh. Did it hatch something? Is a monster now loose on the city? The fuck?

But no, of course it didn't hatch silly, it's just "food", not like an actual egg or whatever. I explore around a little bit and I hear something... or someone. I turn a corner and I see a bloodied anthro form in front of me. His fur is mostly white with green hair and his eyes are glowing bright red, just like the Sentinels. But this young man is no Sentinel.

He is a Reaper, like me. I'm not alone.

*013*2022-12-19 09:40

I apologize for the lack of sexy scenes in this chapter lol. Didn't feel right to put more in when most of the chapter is just kind of survival focused. Nevertheless I hope ya'll enjoy this shorter chapter. Plot is actually gonna start to progress soon since most of the early lore and exposition is complete.

Chapter 3 will be longer and probably more of a wait as my writing slows down around the holiday season.

*015*2022-12-20 07:58

{{1 hour ago, orangelion said:

Did you post another chapter? I don't see it

}}

Yeah it's pending review, which usually takes a few days. Dunno if it's just cus I'm new to the forums or if it's for everyone lol.

*016*2022-12-22 02:08

{{On 12/19/2022 at 12:44 AM, Layonn said:

Congratulations, this is turning out to be an excellent work, it left me really hooked on reading and looking forward to its continuao. Sorry for any grammatical errors I don't speak English I'm using a k translator

}}

@@thanks for the comment, appreciate it. 

*018*2022-12-22 07:17

{{29 minutes ago, orangelion said:

Yeah, it is cause you are new. But it's been a few days and your other comments are showing up. Are you sure the chapter hasn't been rejected? It might have violated some guidelines.

}}

I'm sure. it got approved today but then later on like a dingleberry I edited some grammar in it and now it's pending review again lol.

But yeah my story violating the guidelines has been a concern from the beginning. It's for sure overly violent in quite a few parts early on and "dark". It's not written just to be omorashi fiction which I'm sure is the primary concern of most of the stories told here.

I told a mod/admin the worst of what happens in the story and they said it'd be fine so, so far so good. But yeah it was up for like half an hour and I spotted two errors so, back to review it goes.  lol.

*020*2022-12-23 00:51

{{6 hours ago, orangelion said:

I'm also getting more interested in the story and I look forward to how the introduction of another reaper affects it.

}}

Yeah things are about to accelerate rather quickly although I may slow it down a tadbit, we'll see. Glad you liked the pissing scenes xD. I don't know how good or bad they are tbh I just try to make em as long as I can without going overboard.

One day I'll write a good fap/rub, one day... 

*021*2022-12-23 08:31

Chapter 1 is still here. I just fixed more errors so it's pending review again. I really do read the chapters over a few times before I post them. It's just a writer's curse, to miss mistakes at the start and notice later. Hopefully it'll be visible again soon.

*023*2022-12-25 14:07

Chapter 3: Jason? Jason! Jason?! Jason...

I'm staring at a young fox with blood stained clothes before me. Well he's probably older than me, I'd say senior college age like 21 or 22 or something, but still young. He's not like some old fart. Anyway, at first when he saw me he was leering at me like he wanted me dead... or maybe he wanted to put his dick inside me, I couldn't say for certain either way. But after a few seconds when we both realized we were Reapers, his demeanor calmed down quite abit. We kinda just stared at each other in shock for a tinch, since neither of us expected to see another one of our kind in this god-forsaken city.

He lets out a gruff chuckle before speaking in a rather outlawish voice. "Aren't you a little short to be a Reaper?"

I reply with a 'what the hell?!' look on my face. "How many Reapers have you met before mate?! What the bloody hell am I supposed to look like?"

Granted yes he's tall, like over 6 feet. I dunno exactly. What you want his dick measurements too? Well I can't see it so... hush.

"I apologize m'lady." He replies again in his gruff voice. "Making jokes is how I used to greet people, before... well, you know."

"It's whatever, don't fuss over it." I sigh as I scratch my head, my social awkwardness is surprisingly back in full force.

"I didn't realize there would be another Reaper here." He continues with a nervous laugh. "I thought I was the only one still alive in the city. Haven't even seen a wild or feral animal myself, besides like birds and shit. Even those seem to be rare these days."

"I mean I ran into survivors on my first few days of... this." I half-heartedly progress the conversation. "But yeah I've not seen any since. I assume the Sentinels got everyone or... some may have escaped the city, who the fuck knows at this point."

We continue to stand around awkwardly for awhile and then I remember the fact that half my Anthro Smoothie, TM, is missing.

"Did you uhh, did you eat my Anthro Smoothie?" I ask rather awkwardly.

He's kind of stunned into silence "What- eat your what now?"

"The bulging slimy pulsing alien ball of corpse goop that the Sentinels made, presumably. The dark green one on the other side of this skyscraper... I was slowly chipping away at it." I describe it rather explicitly.

"Oh, oh that. Nice name." He chuckles again, only this time sarcastically. "Yeah I ingested that this morning."

"But... there was like well over 6000 units of soul energy left inside. How're you alive right now?" I question with a very confused look on my face.

"Alive? What do you mean? I just consumed it, nothing to it." He looks just as perplexed as me.

"If I had done that- that so quickly I'd be dead, my body can't handle such a massive uhh... influx of power at once." I stumble some words as I try to explain my bewilderment.

All of a sudden his demeanor changes in an instant and he laughs hysterically for several seconds, it's really creepy and I get a really bad feeling in my gut.

"Really?! You can't handle such a small amount of power? It'd kill you? You're hilarious. I collected nearly 50000 soul essence units within 15 minutes once, when I found two big sources side by side. I'd say I'm close to a million now in total. Are you really that far behind in terms of your power? Shameful... how are you a Reaper if you can't even reap souls?"

I look at him with extreme disdain and fury.

'Our strong desire to kill him is noted but killing other Reapers is forbidden by our Creators. Plus, if what he says is true, we'd stand no chance in all likelyhood and just die in a one on one fight.'

I know that. I know. But god fucking dammit I hate it when people look down on me. I thought I was done with that shit. Obviously that's not the case. Even as a Reaper... am I just mediocre? If I am then how will this life be any different from the one I lived? It won't be. Fuck.

"Just stay the hell outta my way." He glares at me as he turns to walk away. " Maybe you'll get strong enough to clean up my shit filled toilets sometime if your lucky, although I highly doubt it."

I squeeze my hands so hard that they bleed as my sharp nails cut into my palms, but I grit my teeth and keep them there.

"Fuck you. I'm gonna prove you wrong and have you grovel under my boot one day!" I shout as beastly as I can, although I don't know if that's how it comes across.

He continues to laugh as he casually leaves, calling me a cunt and a bitch and whatever else, I don't know, I stopped listening. I turn away, back to the cheap stacked condos in a furious rage as I finally unclench my compacted hands and let them heal. After about an hour of tearing through apartments out of spite, I finally calm down. I have a meal then go out for a walk.

"Damn..." I mutter angrily as I stand in front of a convenience store. "I don't even know where to begin."

As much as I would rather not admit it, that green haired red-eyed cumbutter muncher is right about me being weak. I'm so pitiful that even my smart AI Core didn't know how fucking fragile I was until my body shut down.

Dominate...

Power...

Control.

Do I really have it within me to achieve my goals? What even are my goals? What do I want to accomplish? I enjoy killing and pissing but those are more like hobbies, they're not a stage in life that I want to reach. I just need to survive and get stronger and that's it. But will that be enough? I told that fucker that I'd get stronger than him... but dammit I do not know how. I've barely gained any power at all and yet look at how weak I got when I ingested just over 1300 units of SP too quickly. The fuck is this? Why the fuck is the universe punishing me so much? Why can't my body be stronger?

Damn. I just figured it out. That precum prick must have done something similar right? I mean it only makes sense from my perspective. That or I found a "loophole" that only a weak-ass bitch like me could benefit from.

'We want an ability that'd lessen and eventually nullify the negative effects of quick SP consumption right?'

"Yes. That should have been a priority for me once I figured out I couldn't gain power quickly. But I didn't know how slow I was at the time, I had no one else to compare myself to, as it were."

'Very well. To get started on that we need about 5000 souls, probably abit less. We need 4856 more units of energy at this moment in time.'

"Then lets get to fucking work." I say aloud as I feel a sharp jolt of pain from my privates.

Uh oh.

I drop my backpack and bat and try to make my way to a nearby alley so I can urinate in peace but dammit I was so angry and distracted that I didn't notice my bladder screaming at me. I turn around and head back to the nearest door into the abandoned shop. Dammit dammit... it hurts so much... but also hardens my nipples by like 150%. I'm such a freak but I don't give a shit, I give a piss instead. Bad jokes? Get used to it.

Anyways...

I hobble along inside the store with my right hand gripping one wall and my left hand suffocating my pussy through my blue jeans, hoping to find a restroom intact or something. I move so slowly because of my strained mini-me and it takes me like two minutes to shift my way inside the concrete bazaar. I look around me but it's so damn hard to see deep into the store, it's pitch black. I cry out in a half moan and half painful howl. My kitty is so damn sore and it feels like an explosion is about to go off inside my panties. I'm really horny now god damn, my anus is clenching and clenching hard from the arousal. I'm losing focus on my bathroom quest, all of my mental energy is directed to my damp buzzing slit right now. I must be a knight of the kingdom and continue to protect my pants from the evil wetness that threatens it.

I try to unbuckle and unbutton my jeans without pissing myself but the task is difficult. Everytime I push lightly on my lower abdomen, the whole house of piss just threatens to fall down and I yelp and giggle as I feel the torment inside of my nethers flare up. Finally I'm able to undo them let them clatter down to the tiled floor after about a minute of 4D chess with my bladder as my opponent. I squirm against the wall for awhile, enjoying the agonizing sensation as my vagina continues to cry out in pissful agony. Yes I know that's not a word.

I feel a very strange sense of embarrassment, despite nobody at all being here besides me. If I ignore the fact of me being on my own for almost two weeks now I still have a slight feeling that what I'm doing would be considered morally wrong, even though I said fuck you to morality awhile ago. I look down at my crotch and legs and get a wicked grin on my face. I'm just playing around and I know it but it feels so good to roleplay something that's not a tabletop RPG.

I begin to tease my clit through my pink panties and holy shit it feels more intense than usual. The two-headed ogre inside me wants to escape my urethral world of warcraft dungeon but I refuse to let it pass through the gates. I continue to stroke myself and bite my lower lip hard. I don't know how much longer I can hold it, I clench my vaginal muscles hard but I'm very quickly losing the willpower and strength to do so. I feel so wet and horny that I'm going mad with lust. A few drops of urine escape my slit and I panic with erotic glee. I rub my clitty harder and I moan as it twitches, like it's begging for me to let go of the tsunami that I'm trapping inside myself.

My fingers... feel so divine... ahh, shit, it's throbbing so much down there that I can barely stand up.

I laugh as I take off my puffy red shirt and white sports bra. My black nipples are so sensitive and I grip my left one furiously as my right hand continues to go to town on my cunt through the thin fabric. I can feel myself getting ever closer to my peak orgasmic bliss. My underwear feels tighter than usual, must be because my girlcum has made it very wet in a very specific place. I can actually feel it building inside me, like my whole body is vibrating with lewd anticipation. Well damn it's about to get wetter in more places really fucking quickly because I can no longer hold onto my golden lady juice. The beast has been unleashed.

"Ohhh fuck..." I whisper as the scent of my sex and fluids fill my nostrils.

I scream out with delight as my mind goes blank, my body completely consumed by pleasure and relief as I blast out girlcum and pee at the same time. My hands feel so dirty, they're covered in piss and vaginal fluid, It feels so good and I love it so fucking much. My body shakes violently as hot streams of Goldie Hawn gush out of my privates and continue to mix with my girlcum. My panties are soaking wet as my splayed stream of urine splashes all over my legs, I can hear my warm golden shower splattering hard onto the tiles below me and I let out a deep and blissful filled sigh.

"My kitty feels soooo soo soo good... fuck fuck fuck..." I grin as my feet's fur continues to absorb the warm puddle pooling below me.

I continue to stand there and piss everywhere, my panty fabric completely drenched by my recent bathroom break. The feeling of warm wet cloth clinging tightly to my camel-toed pussy lips feels outstanding. I keep my arms straight out to either side of my torso while I'm still standing upright, enjoying the site of my partially blocked pee stream as it starts to slow down. The pressure inside me subsides and I smile warmly at myself. This was a nice sexual distraction from an otherwise shitty start to the day. My flow is reduced to a trickle and then stops soon afterward. I love my scent, it makes me feel sexy and powerful.

I put my pants back on, leaving my piss soaked panties underneath them and still enjoying the casual feeling of warm liquid surrounding my privates and lower asscheeks. I wear my bra again but I leave the crappy shirt behind, I never liked it anyway. I make my way out of the store, grab my bag and bat and continue to explore the city. My pants dampen ever so slightly around my butthole and crotch as they take some of the liquid weight off of my pink underwear onto themselves.

I roam the city until sunset, not caring about where I'm going. I only have one goal. To find those Anthro Smoothies, TM, sacks before that leaf-headed bastard does. I don't find one however and I spend the night sleeping in some nationwide Hotel chain, Narriot or some shit I dunno, don't care. In the morning I eat in my facehole and piss directly into my pants, I don't even care right now. I smell awful and I haven't showered in a few days, I don't plan to for awhile. I'm dedicating myself to this shit and dying on this urine hill.

What?

Anyway, I continue to go off in a random direction again and come across a huge courthouse. Like damn it seems pretty useless... but those front pillars look pretty epic. I noticed long dried trails of blood that lead into its main doors so maybe the Sentinels put one of their gooey extraterrestrial ballsacks in here? Indeed they did.

So I hung around there for awhile. I didn't eat or drink anything else besides the corpse slushies, I never felt thirsty or hungry. I'd save on preserved food for now I guess. It took me about three days to eat this one, I think. I got abit sick because I ate it quicker than I should have probably but despite that I pushed through. I needed 3282 more SP at this point so once I finished it I moved on. My dirty jeans were getting rather uncomfortable, so I just left them at the courthouse in some random trash bin.

After about four days of navigating Dallas in my filthy underwear that left very little to the imagination, I found a second sac by part of Trinity River that runs through one of the industrial zones of the city. Inside a dock warehouse was a huge pulsing sac of brownish-red goop. Oh goodie. At least it was the biggest one I've seen so far, my AI core said it probably contained close to 25000 units of soul energy, like fucking hell.

By this point I was pretty sure it was the month of May now but I couldn't tell you the day. I tried to count the days by marking a wall with a counter, you know those lines that allow you to count by five at a time easily? Yeah those. I made like four of them before I was almost done with this supply of power. So I guess I was here for just over twenty days before I was done. By that point, I kid you not, my panties had been torn apart at the crotch from pissing so much and so furiously, My sore pussy has been in the open air for awhile now but I kept my shredded asscheek holders on for some reason.

I managed to get Soul Energy Resistance to level 3. Yeah that's what the skill was called. I dunno how limited it is yet though, since I just got it unlocked today, after finishing this monstrous jelly tumor. The fact that the nameless asshole with lime green head fur ate two of these in under an hour one day? Fucking nutty.

Well whatever, before I move on I cast my sports bra and torn panties into the river and watch them float away. To be honest the river seems alot cleaner than it was when you know, this city was alive. I decide to jump in and clean myself off. It's really deep but I just take a few hours and enjoy a nice skinny-dip public bath thing. I really should clean myself more often I guess but I've been grinding this real life xp hardcore like a gamer girl. I suppose it couldn't hurt to just take care of my basic hygiene in the future.

@@Anyway, I swim around in the dark waters for quite a bit, enjoying the freedom of being naked with no one else around. Eventually, I get tired of the whole wet liquid business and decide to get out and dry myself off while I look for more clothing. There's a ruined store not far from me. I manage to find a really nice rather high class clothing store for women. High class for me at least it was probably average for most other females but still. I find a cute purple bra with matching purple boyshort-styled panties and put them on. I love how they make my lower ass look. I also find a nice and simple red dress that's easy to take on and off and will make going to the bathroom a breeze, once I move my crotch fabric to the side of course. I enjoy urinating in the store after I'm dressed and I feel quite horny, it's been awhile since I rubbed one out of me but I decide to go somewhere else for that. Would be nice to have a bed or something else soft to lay on. I leave the store behind and continue to explore the ruins of Dallas.

***

I come across a large bridge that stretches over a part of Trinity River and decide to cross it and enter the other "half" of the city. A day or two later of just roaming around and... I meet the grass colored hippy ass motherfucker at a public pool by a motel. He just seems to be chilling in the water. Maybe it's his day off? Regardless I would try to leave without him noticing me but uhh yeah that doesn't happen. He beckons me over and I entertain him, not even sure why I do to be honest.

"Been a while." He says rather casually as he lays and crosses his arms on the pool's edge and looks at me once again. I'm positive he's checking me out for sure this time. "For a weakling you are pretty damn hot."

"Still the massive rotten dick that you were before hmm?" I wave him off, what a surprise.

"What? You somehow think if I speak to you nicely in a fake and condescending manner that would be better?" He huffs, "Fuck that, the old world is dead."

"You don't have to be fake." I say as I approach the fence surrounding the pool. "But you don't have to be a diseased prick either."

"Yeah well it's not in my nature to respect those who don't deserve it." He retorts. "I thought you were one of those."

I feel fury building up within me again but I suppress it, mostly.

"You judged me based on something that's completely outta my control. You know nothing else about me or my fucking life before this... so you can just eat shit for all I care." I smile as I enjoy hurling insults at him.

He laughs, "Oh you've got some real nice attitude for a pathetic little twit." He says sarcastically.

"I bet you like calling people names huh? That must feel really good. I get it. But save it for the lowlife Anthros that are below us and dead. We're fucking Reapers, we survived this shit against all odds. That alone should be enough to earn one another's respect." I look him in the eye as I speak to him, I'm actually starting to feel really pissed off now.

He grins, "You're right. I've had a while to think since we first met. I shouldn't have disrespected you by default. But just because you have tits and a pussy doesn't make you special you know."

"I could say the same thing about you and your dick." I retort, slightly less bitterly.

He laughs, "Oh, is that right?"

We sit there and chat for a bit, we both seem to have calmed down now we're much more relaxed around each other. At some point during our conversation I ask him what his name was, since we never really told each other before.

"I'm Jason. I hope the Creators give me a better name honestly, when we meet them." He tells me.

I stare at him, rather perplexed. This motherfucker acts all cool and superior and yet seems to dislike his own name? Shit bro. Self confidence issues? Daddy issues? Who knows.

"I'm Vaine." I reply in kind. "It feels weird to have a conversation again... since you know, everything."

Jason smiles, "I know how you feel. It's kinda surreal."

I guess that's a good word for it. We talking for about another hour and afterwards my pussy is telling me that she needs to be emptied. I tell him I need to excuse myself for a couple minutes and head into a random motel room, looking for a rather clean area to piss in. Once inside, I open the door and look around. I see a dead potted plant in a corner, perfect. I lift up my red dress and pull my purple panties to the side and aim my kitty at the dry pot dirt. My urethra opens up it's pipes and I sigh blissfully as I urinate on the dead flora.

I don't have the greatest aim but the stream hits the edge of the soil with no problems. It feels really nice. I resist touching myself though, again. Don't really wanna masturbate with that douchebag Jason being so close. And even I have some standards that're higher than that you know? Despite this my pussy is really wet and I sigh deeply as I clean myself off with some discarded bedsheets. It's been a while since I've had a bath too, my fur feels dirty and my skin feels gross. I'll need to clean up again soon.

As I walk out of the motel room I notice he's still sitting at the pool, waiting for me I guess. "Hey asshole." I call him out.

He smiles, "Oh hey Vaine. You done?" He says, his voice rather cheerful.

"I'm out here aren't I? Of course I'm done. You really don't know how to speak to ladies do you?" I laugh, trying to get something out of him.

"You don't have to be so harsh about it... and what lady are we talking about exactly?" He comes back swinging.

I simply smile and sit back down on a pool recliner. "Fuck off." I say rather warmly.

He goes inside one of the nearby rooms. A few minutes later he has an axe in one hand, and some chopped wood in the other. well, chopped up bed parts or something. He arranges them in a sort of circular pattern, puts in some paper for kindling in the middle of them and lights it up. Within seconds a small fire is burning brightly.

"Uhh, impressive I guess but what is that for?" I question, not understanding what he's doing.

"Oh nothing really." He replies casually. "Just wanted to cook up a meal."

I'm kinda a dummy I guess. Of course that's what a fire is used for. Damn I haven't had a hot meal since the electricity went out like a week into this whole end-of-the-world thing. Well, it'll be nice to munch on something warm for a change. Get your mind out of the gutter. I could eat that canned mac n cheese that I've been kinda just saving for a rainy day. I get up from the recliner and sit beside him. The concrete is uncomfortable to say the least but whatever.

We watch the fire burn while we talk. It feels really strange... eating a meal... with someone again. I'm reminded of my parents for the first time since I went home. Shit. Well, they probably had quick deaths anyways, like most people who were killed by Sentinels. They loved this city though I'm sure, not leaving it is what got them killed I guess... and what led me to being reborn...

Eventually Jason asks me something as my mind snaps back to reality, "So Vaine... why did you join me today? Surely you've hated my guts since the day we met."

"I dunno, I guess I just had a strong urge to throw shit in your face, metaphorically of course." I respond with a bit of a ramble.

He laughs, "Ah so you wanted me to know how pissed off you were huh?"

"Well... yeah. You were a fucking douchebag with a superiority complex when we first met." I state honestly.

He chuckles, "That's just a bad habit of mine... I've always had a desire to be a leader, to order others around to do my bidding. Kinda wanted to be a king as a kid I guess. But being born in 1987 and in our current year of 2008, that wasn't going to happen."

"As Reapers, that's what we'll be. At least I think so." I reply with a smirk. "The vast majority of sentient life that lives will be beneath our feet, fearing us for their entire pathetic mortal lives. We'll be gods, far more powerful than any king or queen ever was."

"You don't seem too excited about it." He says to me.

I shake my head, "It's what we live for right? Our purpose is to serve the Creators and bring about universal peace, eventually. Or something. Yeah I admit I don't really care. Since becoming a Reaper it's just been fun to kill anthros."

He shrugs, "Yeah well... killing weak dumbasses is fun, for sure." He chuckles.

We keep talking, occasionally sharing idle banter here and there. It's starting to feel normal to have someone to talk to again. Jason seems rather smart though he acts pretty immature sometimes. Ok a lot of the time. And I still have a bit of trouble dealing with his attitude... but he's alright for an asshole like him. Eventually we finish eating and I help put out the fire. Then we sit and stare at each other, lost in thought as night slowly descends on the city. The stars are starting to shine brightly in the sky above us. I half expect him to kiss me like some cheesy scene from a romcom or something.

After a few minutes Jason breaks the silence, "Well uhh, it's been a fun day. I'm gonna hit the sack. Your free to take one of the other empty rooms for the night, if you want to." He says.

I nod and stand up, stretching and yawning. "Yeah. I'll grab a room and get some sleep. Night."

I head inside a nearby motel room and take of my red dress and purple bra and lay on the bed in naught but my panties. My body feels really sweaty now... even though the temperature in here is fine. But I guess I can't control my pussy when it gets horny like a buzzing beehive. I sigh, but this time in frustration. Why am I so flustered about a dumbass boy who hated me yesterday? I'm a Reaper goddammit not a highschool girl. Oh wait I'm both right now. Dammit what the fuck are these emotions flowing through me?

Well I guess it doesn't matter, what's done is done and now I have something else to deal with. I squirm as my legs press themselves together almost on their own. I try to force myself to relax but I can't seem to calm myself down. Every time I try to close my eyes I just think about Jason's cock sliding in and out of me... my cunt clenches in response. I moan quietly as my body starts to tremble on its own.

Eventually I stop struggling with myself and I just give in to my desires. I pull my panties aside and rub my clitoris gently before inserting a finger into my pussy. As I fingerfuck myself I softly grab my breast and squeeze it. Damn I'm so hot and bothered right now. Why? Why is Jason turning me on so much? Shit why did he make my kitty so wet and my heart beat so fast? I start rubbing faster now and insert another finger into my cunt. My body is shaking and it's getting harder to maintain focus on pleasuring myself with how turned on I am. I moan loudly, unable to resist the temptation of masturbating as hard as I can. The whole room is full of my horny scent by this point.

My privates are throbbing and it's making me crazy. My fingers feel slick with my juices, I'm dripping everywhere. As I keep rubbing myself faster and harder the intensity grows and my breathing speeds up. I feel myself building towards a powerful orgasm, every moving digit on my cunt sends shocks of pleasure through my entire body and my pussy lips clench around my fingers. I feel a wave of pleasure washing over my whole body as I climax and lift my hips into the air. I sigh blissfully as I release girlcum and fall back down on the bed panting. My muscles are all tensed up and my head is spinning.

When I look down at my hands they're covered with my own fluids. It's sticky and smells so good. I clean off my fingers my tongue, then lay my hand beside me. I can't help but smile. Jason... that dumbfuck... had made me cum. Well not directly but you know. God I really am a freak. This is a first for me though, I've never felt this aroused by another anthro before. Especially not like this. I should be disgusted by his presence or something, but all I feel right now is lust. A desire to make him mine in the worst way possible. I have so many feelings going on inside my head right now. It's overwhelming and I don't even know what to do about them.

Eventually the waves of pleasure begin to fade away and I start breathing more normally again. "God dammit." I mutter under my breath, sitting up and wiping the sweat off my forehead with some paper towel nearby. That little bitch Jason probably has his dick in his hands thinking about me right now. He's probably imagining me giving him a titty fuck or a blow job.

Or maybe he's thinking about fucking me with his tongue. Oh god that would feel so nice right now. Or better yet, he could shove his cock deep up my ass while I pissed all over him. That would feel incredible! Ugh, my mind is racing too fast for me to think straight. I cover myself up and try to get some sleep.

When I wake up it's morning already, the sun is shining brightly through the window and I'm feeling refreshed and rested. I take a peek outside and don't see anyone, so I leave my panties in my room and take a quick nude dip in the pool to clean myself off. After a couple minutes I run back into my room and dry myself off. I wear my purple bra and panties again, and put on my red dress. I really should pack more clothing in my backpack sometime but I don't care enough to. I'll just find a clothing store today and get some new ones.

I go into the bathroom, but I have to use the sink since well, no running water anymore. I mean yeah I could pee in the toilet as usual but pissing in the sink causes gravity to carry away most of it, whereas it sticks around in a toilet if you don't flush it. Ok ok it doesn't matter to me either way alright? Peeing in a sink is just more fun and exciting, that's all. I finish urinating and head outside. I've still got a bit of an sexual appetite after the massive orgasm last night. And the thought of Jason jerking himself off in bed last night makes me hornier than ever. But I've got to keep myself under control. I take a few deep breaths to try and calm down.

I knock on his room door but as I do so the door creaks open. No one is inside. Jason is gone. Great. Of course he is. Well I guess I'll just eat a cold can of beans by myself for breakfast. So lame. I only have a few cans of food left so I'll have to look for some today as well. Food and clothing, that's the agenda for today.

The first place I check is a store near the motel where they used to sell various clothing, electronics and household items. I grab three packs of low budget panties and bras since they're compact in their packaging. I pick out a couple large simple shirts as well, one with diamond pattern logo and the other with a donut and a fat mascot on the front of it. I don't really wanna bother with storing pants in my backpack. I strip off my nice red dress, unhook my bra and pull my boyshorts off. I find a really nice pair of creamy yellow panties and a matching bra that fits me. I also find a pair of dark denim jeans and a plain gray tanktop, which I put on. Now that clothing is out of the way, time to look for food.

I fill up on canned fruit, veggies, pasta and a couple tins full of shitty meatballs from a locally owned grocery store and plop them into my bag. It's pretty clunky again but I'll have nourishment for like five days and undies for like... nine? Good enough. My flashlight, switchblades and like two dozen batteries are still with me, I've just never really used them much and they've stayed in an outside pocket for over a month now.

I'm tired, it'll be dark soon. I guess I'll just find some place to eat and sleep and try to look for Jason tomorrow... or maybe I'll just focus on finding more Anthro Smoothies, that's probably what I should do. I head towards the easternmost parts of the city, looking for some place to rest. I pass a couple of gas stations and small motels along the way, but all of them are locked up tight. I just say fuck it and break into the second motel. There's a simple room inside the office where I assume the lame ass owner used to live. A couple dozen posters of mostly naked Anthro women adorn the walls. Lovely. They're all quite hot to be honest.

Nothing unusual happens really. I just munch on canned carrots, piss outside on the freeway and sleep on a small cot in the office. In the morning I drain my lady cunt juice into one of the motel counter's drawers and leave. I looked for Jason for about a week before I gave up. Like three or four days after that... I hear a scream so loud that I swear it bursts my eardrums. It didn't sound like an anthro at all.

Without even thinking I dash around a corner... and regret it immediately. I drop my backpack and aim the rifle on my back for the first time ever... as I prepare to shoot this little fucker in the head.

*024*2022-12-29 20:49

Another kinda shortish chapter but lol. I really enjoyed writing the edging/pissing scene so hope ya'll like it too, orgasmic peeing is one of my favorite personal kinks. Also we meet Jason who's uhh, something.

I've slowed the plot down from what I originally intended a few weeks ago so, we'll see how this restructure will effect it. If anyone thinks the pacing is too slow one could always lemme know.

Hope ya'll enjoy.

~ Vaine

*025*2023-01-06 11:08

Chapter 4: Real Life Pokemon Are Terrifying!

My entire upper body is trembling as I'm trying to aim my rifle at this monster before me. A small... but not really, cat.. dog... mutant thing with a mouth full of dark gray fangs and glowing orange-red eyes. It's ears are also very thin, being lit a reddish pink from the sunset coming down from behind it. It's fur is barely there, what is there are dark shades of brown and gray and it's skin is deathly pale, like a turd that's been baking in the sun on the sidewalk for months. Anyway...

'This is supposed to be impossible...' My inner self says but I ignore it. 'We do not understand.'

I yell loudly like I'm John Rambo as I pull the trigger and spray the gun wildly. I fire off about 15 or 20 bullets I think, but only three hit the beast. Two of those tore through its head and the creature falls over dead. Phew, what a cliffhanger. Glad that's over. Yup. Completely over. Nothing else is gonna happen. Clickbaited you like a bunch of fools I did.

...

'Run. Now.'

I see the creature's head begin to reform itself and regenerate, slowly but surely.

"Oh shit. What the actual fuck?!"

'Don't stand here dumbfounded, just flee. Find a safe place to hide.'

I grab my backpack and bat and begin to run away but the monster is basically fully healed. It snarls at me loudly and squeals that ear-piercing scream once again. I make a mad dash around the corner but I don't get far. I feel a sharp intense pain in my left leg and collapse flat onto the concrete. I look at it moments later and realize it's no longer there.

Fuck fuck fuck! It hurts! It hurts so damn much! Fuck!

I look at the monster and notice that it's munching on my former leg that it severed. Deeply angry and in agony while not thinking clearly I shoot at it some more. My rifle makes loud clicking sounds within two seconds. Outta ammo or jammed I don't know which. Dammit. I hit it again in the leg as it slowly... or rather not so slowly it limps towards me with furious hatred. I try to crawl away as my leg isn't fully regenerated yet but I can barely move.

A car... I see a sealed car... like 30 feet away. Fuck. So close and yet so far right now. I throw my backpack at the fiend to try and distract it. That seems to work... for about ten seconds, giving me the time I need for my leg to basically be functional again but since it's only bone and muscle it feels like it's on fire in a hot tub of acid on crack. I stand up with my bat as a support and begin to hobble towards the car while gritting my teeth tighter than I ever have.

20 feet away now, maybe less. At this time I feel another massively sharp wave of pain go through me. Fuck. The creature bites onto my right asscheek, tearing it off along with any clothing that was there. I think it hurts slightly less than losing my leg but at this fucking point I can't tell. I scream again as I turn around and slam my bat into the creature's head as hard as I can. The few thwacks I can do only seem to make it angry though. It swipes at my lower abdomen and literally guts me wide open. It tears out my uterus, I think, and I don't even have the strength to cry out reflexively anymore. I just stare at nothingness in silence as my perception of time seems to slow down.

I tumble to the ground again, about 10 feet away from the car. Fucking hell I'm so close. My lady parts must be tasty though, since the mutant freak is still munching away at them. I don't know how but I push myself ever further, dragging my bloodied self across the concrete like a zombified corpse out of hell.

7 feet.

5 feet.

By this time, The freaking mutt is on my ass again, almost literally.

'Toxic Flatulence Level 1 unlocked.'

Huh? My core got an ability on its own?

'Forgive us but this is all we could think of doing, considering our life threatening situation and our lack of a large amount of stored souls. Please don't hate us.'

Within the next instant I feel a large excess of pressure in my butthole cavity. Uh oh.

I crack out a very loud and lewdly disgusting fart. It's bright green, like in those comic books or some kinda fucking cartoon. It covers up the monster's face in a cloud of stinky and it backs away while shaking its head in discomfort. It also melted away my pants and panties that were still in the way, leaving my anus exposed to the open air.

Oh gee thanks.

'Get in the car, the stun attack won't last long. We don't have enough digested food right now for us to make another.'

With blisteringly awful pain I pull myself up to the car's backdoor, heh, and it's unlocked. Thank god.

... Actually no fuck you God. God's a dick... and not the tasty kind.

I somehow manage to pull myself onto the back seats, adrenaline I guess, and I slam the door shut just as the fuck mutt slams into it, shaking the entire car in the process. I breathe a sigh of relief as I regenerate in relative peace. my open abdomen finishes making my new baby making parts and seals itself up. My asscheek is also back and as furry as ever. I feel very sleepy and I yawn. I'm so tired from all the bloodloss.

'We must not fall asleep. The fight is not over.'

Looking at the windshield in terror I notice that the hellhound from Dallas is looking right at me, snarling and drooling a mixture of my blood and its spit all over the glass, eww. It slams it's thick skull on the windshield and it cracks. Oh shit. I look around for some kind of weapon but all I can find is a half broken beer bottle underneath the right front seat. I get an idea quickly but I don't know if it'll work. It's the only one I have though so either this succeeds or I die with my ass exposed in a shitty car.

I try to concentrate as the windshield splinters further and looks like a body fell on it from really high up like in those hollywood movies. I wield the glass bottle and take a deep breath. I only got one shot at this. Within seconds it breaks through the barrier and dashes towards me without a second thought. Good. This is just an animal that lacks even basic levels of anthro intelligence.

With the last of my strength I plunge my hand and arm deep within the beasts maw as it opens. I push as hard as I can into the upper back part of its throat as the beast clamps down on my arm and the stupidly intense pain is back in full swing. The fiend stops moving though.

'We lodged it in its brain stem? Hmm.. good idea. With a physical barrier stuck in place to the already attached brain, regeneration cannot continue.'

"Save it!" I yell loudly. "Help me get my arm out! It's killing me god it hurts so fucking much!"

'We cannot help. Just have to pull our arm out.'

Oh fucking hell. This isn't like the last time where my leg and asscheek was just bitten clean off and they were allowed to start healing right away, half of my arm is still attached by muscle, skin and even fragmented bone. This is gonna be the worst pain I've ever felt in my life up until this point isn't it?

Fuck off. The universe can go die... in a few hundred trillion years or however the fucking long it's supposed to take. Fuck.

I strain with myself for nearly half an hour. I'll spare you the details. Needless to say it was indeed the worst pain of the day... and it was technically self inflicted. I finally pull out my severed and torn up arm and it finally starts to regen up again... and the pain I've felt for what seems like an eternity finally stops. So sleepy... so exhausted.

'One more thing to do before we rest.'

Fucking really?

'Go to our backpack, take out our switchblade and pull out this monster's core. Then it'll truly be dead once we break it.'

Oh yeah. I literally forgot since the pain was so bad I blocked out everything else. Like a angsty teenager woken up at noon on the weekend, I begrudgingly head out of the car and hobble like a ghoul towards my bag. Not because of pain but because of fatigue. I retrieve out one of my small knives from my bag, which now only has one arm handle thing and has a huge whole in the side of it. I'll have to get a new one later.

I walk back very slowly towards the car and begin to butcher the beast. I find a core inside its chest, where one would expect to find it. But whereas my core is supposed to be like a trigonal crystal all nice and uniform and pretty, this core is an ugly mess of shapes. It's like two marble balls smushed together with inconsistent spikes coming out of it. It's also reddish-orange in hue, whereas mine is only just red from what I've been told.

'Break it and we can finally rest. We'll have much to discuss once we're awake.'

"Yeah... we will."

It crumbles into dust very easily when I squeeze on it, surprising but whatever. Apparently we got 500 soul points from it though so damn.

I lay down on my back and try to relax. Honestly at this point, with all the extreme amounts of pain that I've felt today, the backseat of this car is very comfy. It feels like I'm in a 5-star hotel resort right about now. No mortal would ever experience this amount of agony unless they died shortly afterwards. Or I guess they could if they were in hell but then they'd be immortal and not mortal right? Ehh, whatever.

I decide to tease myself before I fall asleep, even if only a little bit. I spread my legs by about two inches apart, not much but enough. I then sigh as I let out a little bit of pee. It soaks into my torn up panties and pants and pubic fur and it feels like such a nice reward after enduring the worst day ever. I then hold in my urine for a few seconds by squeezing my clit together and holding my breath, before releasing a little bit more piss and exhaling. I do this several more times, teasing my pussy with my golden nectar and without touching myself as I feel all warm and cuddly inside. I want to play with my clit but I'm too damn exhausted and I just fall asleep into a horny smirk of a dream.

***

I'm in a pool in a hotel, naked and surrounded by my fans. Well, I assume they're my fans cus why else would they be here? They're all anthros of various beautiful shapes and sizes. They're wearing bathing suits and I think they're mostly females but there are some dudes amongst them as well. I don't know why I'm the only one naked here but I don't question it, I just enjoy being looked at by random strangers. Feels so nice. They're all touching each other through their swimsuits or making out but most of them are just looking at me lustfully.

"You look like a goddess!"

I hear a voice shout out in admiration and adoration as my nipples stiffen and my slit begins to excrete lady juice. We're all suddenly in a classroom and I'm sitting on the teacher's desk with my legs spread out wide and my pussy and anus is viewable from so many angles. My fans continue to gaze at me and I continue to get hornier.

"Come on everyone, get a closer look!" I shout with a seductive tone.

They all shuffle towards me and begin to whisper amongst themselves as they continue to stare at every inch of my nude body. a birdman steps forward more and begins to tease me with a large thick pink cock that's covered in my juices. I moan softly as my black clit lips experience the pleasurable friction of skin contact over and over again.

"Ooh! This is so good!" I say to my fans as the dick slides back and forth across my clit. I then feel another pair of hands on my breasts, rubbing up my smooth skin and silky fur before reaching my nipples and teasing them. I begin to leak more girlcum as my onlookers enjoy groping me. The cock then slides down between my thighs and my pussy spreads open to take the entire thing in. It's so long and thick compared to my little slit that I wonder how I could fit such an enormous member inside me. Nevertheless, it forces it's way in with a lewd wet schloping sound.

I cry out with warm delight as my virginity is taken. The dick begins to move as my hips start to rock back and forth, riding the big prick missionary style as my nipples continue to get sucked on by both men and women. I then feel my body get even hotter than before and my fluids begin to flow down and collect on my fans' feet and the floor beneath my legs. The inner walls of my birth canal are stretched wide and it feels so good. The dick is making me feel so full down there. I'm moaning and squirming in delight as the penis moves faster and harder. I can feel the pressure building up in my privates as the walls of my vaginal cavern begin to pulse with intense pleasure. I cum and I cum hard as I feel my womb fill up with sperm, it's so sticky and wet but it feels amazing.

"Ooh! Lady Vaine is having an orgasm!" One of the nearby women says.

I can hear the crowd cheering me on as my pussy convulses around the dick, spraying out more and more juices as the cock continues to pump loads of jizz into me. The anthros around me smile as my body shakes and shivers in pleasure. The dick plops out of me as semen begins to flow out of my cream pied pussy.

"Wow she's leaking so much!"

"That was great!"

"So that's what sex looks like..."

Those were just some of the comments of my onlookers. We're suddenly on a stage now, like some kind of Broadway play. I'm in the doggystyle position for some reason, bound by loose chains. My ass is up in the air and both it and my swollen vagina are on full display as they're facing the audience. I can see my butt through the large HD monitors that are mounted on either side of the stage. Ahh, mounted. God I'm so fucking wet.

"We will now present to you... one of the most beautifully known things in the galaxy... Lady Vaine's butthole!" Some random announcer beside me shouts like we're at some kinda monster truck rally. In fact that's where we are I think. Maybe. There's a loud cheer from the crowd. Lady Vaine huh? I like the sound of that.

"Begin!" The announcer says, or I guess orders rather.

The lights go dim and the only one on now is a spotlight shining directly on my sweaty fat furred ass. I feel like I could piss out a river. My fans begin to ohh and ahh amongst themselves as my butthole clenches and releases itself around thin air, it almost looks like it's breathing. The audience begins to chant as if they're watching some kind of sporting event.

"Ohhhh Lady Vaine, Lady Vaine, Lady Vaine!"

My body trembles with arousal. Oh yeah this is what I need. Thousands of worshipers are watching me, seeing every twitch of my pussylips and every crease in my butthole. I feel all warm inside, my clit quivers with excitement as my bladder continues to feel like it's filling up rapidly, like a garden hose attached to a water balloon. I give a cute little moan and am reminded of my first porno video I made on my phone. I guess it was similar to this. With a wicked grin I relax my urethra and feel the pee start to rush forth. It flies into the crowd with great speed, casting a golden shower storm onto everyone below me.

I think we're on a cruise ship or something now, not sure. The urine pours from my pussy as I continue to moan loudly, the crowd seems to be enjoying my divine rain that I've brought to them. They begin to shout out "More! More!" over and over again as their clothes and fur are drenched in my urine. The audience becomes even rowdier as I continue to spray out my piss onto my congregation, who eagerly bathe in it while still cheering me on.

I feel myself get even hornier and wetter. There's something very erotic about peeing and cumming at the same time, especially when you can't control which comes first. The feeling of my piss running down my legs and shooting into my fans personal space is almost too much to handle. I whimper with delight as my urination rate doesn't seem to change.

"Oh yes! You look so sexy when you piss, Lady Vaine!" Jason says with a devilish grin.

I can feel his hands sliding underneath my tail to squeeze my butt and my legs are trembling with pleasure. I give an innocent little moan in response, enjoying the personal attention as my piss stream finally starts to die down. I feel my thighs start to quiver as I'm overwhelmed by lustful desire. The smell of pee is very strong in the room but it doesn't bother me at all, in fact the audience loves it and most of them start pissing on themselves and others for fun. Half of them are naked now and most of them are fucking. The air is now filled with hot piss, sweet pussy and erect cock musk, a wonderful combination if there ever was one. I begin to pant in excitement as I feel the hands on my ass begin to finger my butthole. The crowd starts to cheer once again, egging me on.

"Do you like that, Lady Vaine?"

"Yes!"

"You're such a dirty little girl!"

"Oh fuck yes!"

The crowd continues to scream with delight as the digits enter deeper into my asshole and slide back and forth. My anus is so tight that I'm surprised the fingers are able to fit inside. I cry out with warmth and pleasure and the orgasm builds within me quickly. I can feel every inch of the members and exactly how they're bending around inside my rectum. My clit throbs uncontrollably, the sensation is overwhelming. I begin to squirt out more pee, drenching everything around me. My body is on fire, every part of it seems to be pulsating and I'm so fucking horny right now that I can barely stand it. It feels like I'm about to cum again but I want more and I need it desperately. I feel my hips begin to thrust involuntarily as the fingers continue their work between my asscheeks. I moan with delight as I feel myself approaching another orgasm. I feel a tongue begin to lick up my pee covered slit, tasting its unique flavor and savoring the sweet nectar as it dribbles from my nether regions.

The audience cheers louder as they witness me squirt and piss and squirt some more. This goes on for what feels like hours and hours...

***

I wake up in a slurry bitch-in-heat kind of daze as more golden nectar escapes my pussy. It's night. I'm half naked in a car and the smell of a rotting catdog monster is beside me. Oh yeah. Hell of a day.

What was my dream about again? Some kinda buttstuff? I think I peed alot too? Well I'm pissing right now... so... I don't know I can't remember exactly. Gah. Oh well.

'We were shuddering in our sleep. We had about three orgasms while dreaming.'

Hot damn so it must've been something very sexy.

'Probably.'

I stop urinating into my soaking tattered panties and barely-there jeans after a few seconds and open the car door. It's very dark and hard to see. Of course it had to be a new moon tonight. I fumble my way across the road, looking for my torn up backpack. I manage to find it after stepping on some sharp glass, ouch. But I grab it and hold onto it carefully, I don't want to let the stuff just come out of the big hole.

Get your mind outta the gutter. Oh wait my mind was already there a few minutes ago, whoops.

Anyway, I grab the flashlight that still works and take a look at what supplies I still have after that freakish monster attack. Three cans of food are torn open, as are several bottles of water. Great. My two stored away shirts are quite damp since they didn't really get any late evening sun. Thankfully my pairs of ugly panties and bras that were so tightly packaged were untouched so.. yay? That's good.

I open the last remaining bottle of water and drink half of it. I decide not to eat one of my two cans of food. I have a lotta shit to do tomorrow to get my supplies back. I take off my shredded denim jeans and yellow underwear and throw them away. I open a pack of panties and put on an ugly pair of pink ones. They're ugly because there're the blistery skin pink color and not the neon bubblegum kind that's cute. Oh well. My tattered tank top is also torn but not ripped apart completely like the other pieces of clothing were, so I'll keep wearing it for now I guess.

I walk back into the backseat of the car and try to get some sleep, but I'm unable to. It's not like I can really go anywhere in this situation anyway, so why bother. I turn around to try and rest my head against the rear window. This doesn't do anything to help either. I close my eyes and focus on calming my breathing, I guess my body is just waiting to see if anything else will happen. It's at this point when my AI core and I have a long conversation.

'We suppose we want to talk now?'

"Sure. Thanks for saving me with that fart powerup or whatever. Although now it sucks that everytime I pop one out I'll have to be worried about poisoning someone."

My core stays silent for what feels like a long while, like it's staring at me guiltily even though it has no eyes.

"Ok. Say it. What the fuck are you hiding from me now?"

'We suppose now is a good time to show us the HUD. If we wish to activate it again just think about it and it'll show up.'

Something like a bright LCD screen, but completely see-through, comes across my range of vision. It's visually striking and yet I feel no need to close or squint my eyes. It's basically like the pause menu of a generic RPG or something.

"Of course you were hiding yet something else from me. I shouldn't be surprised."

'We were going to explain it to us the day we met but we refused to talk about it at that time and said we'd discuss it later. Later is now.'

I sigh, mildly annoyed but still with abit of understanding. I recall indeed saying something like that when it came to displaying my soul counter somewhere within my line of sight.

- Soul Power(SP): 598.12 -

That's what is displayed in the bottom left corner of my vision with the HUD up. There's also my heartrate and blood pressure displayed in the top right, along with a red bar that wouldn't look out of place basically any video game that displayed your HP. Although I'm informed that this is basically my blood counter, that if it drops too low, we lose consciousness and my AI Core has to reboot me or whatever. I also have a green and blue bar, for a total of three. I'm not sure what those would be. If this were a video game I'd assume they'd be stamina and mana counters but this is real life. There's no numbers or letters beside any of these bars so, who knows what they are.

'Our green bar shows how much nourishment we need and our blue bar is how much we need to sleep to stay adequately functional. These are just estimates though and won't always line up with how we feel.'

Ahh, ok. Makes sense. My green bar is like 75% full and my blue one is about 95%. Explains why I can't fall asleep right now I guess.

There are also four submenus that I see in the top left, which I assume lead to other information.

Overview

Skills

Status Effects

Internet Browser

Huh. Wait what... you mean to tell me I have built in wi-fi or some shit? What the fuck?!

'Something like that.'

Wow. Way to be a dick and not tell me that before. I'll look at that later, for now I take a quick glance at the other menus.

Overview

Reaper Number: E-237-NIN

Reaper Name: Vaine Steele

Gender: Female

Age in Native Planet Time : 18 years, 2 months, 13 days.

There is a bunch of other info but it's all rather bland and basic shit. I guess it's like my merchandise information for my owners or something, if I had any. Which I guess I do, the mysterious Creators... ohh, spoopy.

Skills

Cold Resistance Level 1: Provides a very basic amount of cold resistance.

Digestive System Rework Level 1: Converts solid waste into liquid urine. Does not effect gas. Increases urination rate by 300%.

Regeneration Level 1: Provides a very basic amount of core body regeneration. Does not nullify pain.

Quick Reflexes Level 3: Provides a low amount of above-average dexterity.

Soul Energy Resistance Level 3: Provides a low amount of resistance to the negative effects of soul consumption.

Thick Skin Level 1: Provides a very basic amount of defense. Nullifies pain very slightly.

Toxic Flatulence Level 1: Turns expelled anal gas into a very weak poisonous gas.

Next to each skill, besides regeneration, there's an option to turn them on or off. Seriously? What the hell? You mean I can turn OFF abilities at any time? That's... actually convenient if I wanna have a uniquely sadistic ability on every so often for my victims but off for the rest of the time. I start to get really wickedly sexual execution ideas in my head and I grin.

'Please don't.'

I can't help but laugh at myself. It's whatever, plenty of time to kill fools with sexual things once I have all the basic abilities I want. I turn off my toxic farts, sorry boys, but I leave everything else on for now. Next up, I check out the third menu.

Status Effects

In Heat: Feels constantly horny due to age/time of year.

There's a few minor and boring effects but that one sticks out to me. In heat? Really? I guess it makes sense but damn I kind of forgot it's that time of year. For those that don't know, anthros, especially females who're going through puberty who're young and breedable, experience unending desires to fuck at certain times of the year. For my species, a foxmorph, that time runs roughly from May to August. I can't believe I forgot about this. But ehh, it's the end of the world or was so I was distracted most of the time.

In fact it was two years ago when I first felt these feelings, a few months after I turned 16. I mostly suppressed them though since as I've said before I had no desire to be intimate with anyone. I mean yeah I touched myself sometimes but I grew bored of it quickly. My first orgasm was the first day I was a Reaper... I had no idea what sexual pleasures I was missing out on at the time. But oh well.

I guess that explains why I've been so horny around Jason. Only boy for literally miles upon miles around... and I have a primal need to have his dick in me. Gah. I've heard that heat in anthros usually stops around age 25 or so... but who knows if that'll be the case now that I'm a Reaper. It's just something I'll have to deal with I guess.

At least it's nice to know what's going on with my body and to have... some kind of explanation at least. I've never felt quite the same since I died and well, came back as a new me. But oh well, I can only move forward. I take a look at the fourth and final menu option.

Internet Browser

Browse the Internet? (Y/N?)

I think yes of course and within almost an instant a webpage is within my full range of vision. It's a search engine by the name of Mojeek. Huh. I guess Google, which is mostly an American company, no longer exists. With just a little bit of research I find out that Mojeek is a UK search engine. USA has basically gone to shit with complete anarchy taking over almost everywhere, despite Dallas Texas being the only city hit by the Sentinels. Mass panic set in I guess and my country apparently just destroyed itself from the inside out. Yikes. During that chaos, Russia took over Canada, Brazil and Mexico are locked ina bitter mostly naval war in the Caribbean Islands and China has forced itself into all of Korea, Hong Kong and Taiwan all at the same time, with Japan somehow holding them back from their lands.

There's a few other major wars now but god damn the world is in turmoil right now. Like world war 3 started and ended in several places at once. Only Europe seems to be holding it together although just barely. So much panic over a single alien spaceship, which apperently no one outside of Dallas has lived to see so... guess that makes me special. I spend the rest of the night just getting one huge info dump thrown at me one after another and within hours, the sun begins to rise. I need to take a break from the internet so I get out of the car, stretch my legs and take a nice long morning piss while staring at the sunrise.

I spend the next few days finding another backpack, more food and water.. and pants. As I continue to explore the eastern edge of the city, I notice that the desert is already trying to take over the area. Alot of sand that has blown around which would normally be cleaned up, has been allowed to gather and collect in various spots. Most of the smaller roads that I see that used to lead out of the city are now mostly covered in dirt and sand.

Nature is taking over again it seems. Oh and the alien ship that attacked Dallas on April 17th? You know, the one filled with Sentinels? Yeah it's still up there just... hovering ominously.

&&

What? Did you think the chapter was over now? Nah man, I just wanted to show another picture. Jabaited son. I found this one online, which was some random artists interpretation of what the ship looks like. But since no one outside of the city knows what it looks like, they had to make it up. Trust me bud it's not an airplane, I'm looking at it and it's more of like... I dunno, a giant floating manta ray with extra wings? Fins? I dunno. It's hard to describe when I try to.

&&

Dammit why'd I have to remember my embarrassing childhood drawing? Don't publish that get it away! Enough with the pictures! Man... learn to not spam the chapter you stupid writer you. Ahem...

Point is, the picture of the spaceship looks kinda cool so I'm sharing it. It'd make a cool poster if I still had a stylish bedroom to put it in.

Anyway... moving on.

I don't have a weapon so... I need to find... something. My bat that I used for the last time against that mutant dog freak fell apart during that fight so... yeah. Plus my jammed rifle I just left it behind because I have no idea how to go about fixing it. I've got nothing to defend myself with right now and that could be a huge problem if I run into something else that was somehow mutated by the Sentinels. My core and I have been discussing what could have created the monster over the last few days.

The jist of it is that we're baffled. Such a beast shouldn't have been able to evolve the way that it did, since the infection process is only supposed to effect anthros and not well, other lesser instinct driven animals. Our best guess was that a desperate cat or dog or.... carnivore ate some kinda nasty infected rotting flesh and it somehow survived and mutated. But as I've said, that's supposed to be impossible. Alas, it's a mystery I cannot solve right now so, may as well not dwell on it. I can only prepare to fight the next one I face. I'd like a blade of some sort that's not my small knives. They're not ideal for fighting with in the slightest.

I continue to explore the city for about a week and I don't really find any sorta weapon. I found a crowbar in good condition and a few more combat knives but no swords. Typical for 2008 I guess, we're not in the middle-ages anymore. Still I'm frustrated and horny. I haven't masturbated for a while now and I'm feeling skittish.

***

It was in this state when I came across him. A fresh body, or mostly fresh at least, of a young male anthro with white fur and specks of green thrown in around his tail and fingers. There was a massive concrete block where his head used to be. Viscera is scattered all across the sidewalk and road, which are pieces of what I assume used to be his head.

Ahh, Jason. looks like you "died". Shame. Oh I don't feel bad at all, I'm just saying shame as kind of a joke. Ahahahahaha! The loser died! Ahahaha.. ahem. Oh this is joyful. If my phone still had power I'd snap a picture or three right now.

'He's still alive, he'll regenerate once his core completely detaches from his current body, which could take weeks or months. He just can't grow a new head right now with his neck pressed directly up against that slab of rock.'

Makes sense I guess. Still, he stinks. Like really badly. Oh wait he's rotting. Duh.

Like a cat who's too curious for their own good I move in closer. I notice he had a big hiker's backpack with him so I rummage through it to see what I can find and holy hell I've hit the jackpot. He has a sheathed sword with him. No I'm not talking about his rotting dick, eww fucking gross, I don't wanna think about that mental image right now. Fuck me my brain sucks.

Anyway, looking closer at the blade I notice that its hilt is a replica of Andril, Flame of the West. (Don't sue me please Simon, thanks.) How do I know what sword this is imitating? Because I've watched Lord of the Rings too damn much like the nerdy gothic girl I am. I wield the blade and accidently cut myself.

"Still sharp." I retort.

Ok I'm done with referencing Lord of the Rings now. Sean Bean is hot. I mean what?

I strap the weapon to my belt, now I'm a proper knight or rouge or whatever. I'm about to walk away and leave my rival here to rot and reform whenever but I stop myself in my tracks. I notice a faint red glow coming from his chest underneath his filthy shirt. It's kind of a pretty sight in an otherwise grisly scene. Ahh, fuck it.

Without doing much thinking I take one of my knives out of my pack and cut deep into his chest cavity. It doesn't take long for me to pull out his crystalline core from his bloody torso and I just hold it up in the afternoon sunlight, looking at its neon-like crimson shine.

'We don't recommend eating him. If we are caught which we are 99% certain to be, the Creators will imprison us and harvest us for breaking one of their established rules.'

"But if we do... we'll gain his power right? Didn't he brag about having close to a million souls worth of strength? That'd be huge for us."

'Indeed it would be.'

I just continue to hold it up for awhile as I stare at it in a rather hypnotic gaze. It's like it's... calling to me. Like there's something about it that is telling me that if I consume it... that everything I ever wanted will come to me. And I want so many things I can barely keep track anymore. I lick my lips, I don't know if it's out of lust or hunger but whatever.

I could do it. I should just eat him. Who would miss one random asshole like Jason anyways? I wouldn't that's for sure. The fucker stomped all over my dignity the day we met so why shouldn't I just consume his soul? That'd be the ultimate fuck you right?

As my mind continues to wander to dark and selfish thoughts, memories of my parents flash through my brain. Why? Why now? My hand wavers slightly as I turn my gaze away from the crystal core. I remember... anthros that I used to love and who loved me. For some reason brief flashes of my former life that I've chosen to forget come to the forefront of my consciousness.

I lose the will to stand and I plop down on my ass with a thwomp and I'm sent back to reality. I drop Jason's core by accident and it begins to slowly regenerate itself now that I've let it go. I rub my sore buttcheeks as I stand up, trying to not vomit at the sight of someone reforming in front of me from the inside out. I'm glad I let it go too, because it's only now when I notice all the Sentinels around us, more so around me. If I had eaten him they'd probably would have torn me to pieces. Damn.

It doesn't take very long at all for the hairy slime mold flesh pile in front of me to look like Jason again and I kinda grin uncontrollably once I realize he's naked. Of course he is, his clothes aren't going to regen too.

I look down to his crotch out of sexual curiosity, expecting to find the thick cock that he's fucked me with in my dirty dreams. What I see though... makes my face contort into an expression I can't explain. His cock is tiny. It looks like a pencil poking out from between two fingers... if those fingers were severed and just the tips existed.

God damn, for someone with such a large ego, he sure doesn't have anything to back it up- Oh. Wait was he an asshole asshat from planet Ass because of his small flagship dick? Nah that can't be the only reason. Maybe he hated me at first because I'm a woman and other women have laughed at his spicy man-meat? Possibly.

He wakes up about 15 seconds after his body has fully formed again and his red irises are staring directly at me.

"Whoa whoa. What the fuck?" Jason blurts out, almost in a panic.

"Relax." I say with a smirk. "Your head just got crushed... I assume about a week ago. I pulled out your core so you could regenerate up a new body. You're welcome."

He looks down at his privates and notices that he's fully in the nude. "What the fuck is wrong with you?!" He shouts at me as he covers himself up with his hands.

"Geez well, good morning to you too." I tease half-heartedly. Seeing him like this is hilarious and fun. It feels nice to get back at him after how much of an asshole he was when we met close to a month ago now.

Jason looks around for a moment, noticing all the Sentinels around us and noticing his own former rotting corpse.

"Why didn't you just pull my body away from the concrete block and let me regen in my original body?" He mutters to me, still clearly pissed off and embarrassed that I saw his junk.

"Really?" I tilt my head sarcastically. "You wanted those clothes stained with your rotten flesh, piss and shit to be around your balls and nipples when you woke up? Well I mean whatever your kinks are sure but damn you'd be freakier than I am if you enjoyed all that."

"Ugh. Why don't you just get lost already! I'm not interested in talking bullshit with you right now. Could you give me some fucking privacy?" Jason snaps, still clenching his balls like a madman.

I chuckle before answering. "I've already seen your little member. You've got nothing else to hide from me."

I smile as I watch Jason's face slowly transform from one of rage into a blush that makes me feel a warm tingle deep inside my nethers. Oh fuck taunting him feels so good.

"You know..." I say as I turn away from him with my arms crossed. "You could have stayed in my bed that night at the motel. But instead you ran away before I even woke up. For someone who said once how your so much better than me... you seem to be pretty fucking messed up yourself."

He snorts and turns his head to the side as he rummages through his backpack for some clothes.

"Whatever. Fuck off." He bluntly says. "I don't need another bitch in my life telling me how shitty I am."

"So I was right?" I blurt out.

I cover my mouth once I realize what I said. Guess a recent girlfriend or something pissed him off afterall. Man I should be a detective.

"Right about what?" Jason says as he puts on some boxers and a undershirt.

I turn to face him again as I reply.

"Nothing. Forget I said anything." I manage to say, somewhat embarrassed.

Why am I hesitating now? The fuck is wrong with my emotions? He's the asshole who called me a shitty toilet licker or something, why am I feeling this way? Dammit Vaine.

Jason looks over towards me and notices me staring at him. I can almost see his brain thinking over his response as he stands up and dusts off a pair of ragged jeans that he puts on. He's not going to deny that he's an asshole because we're enemies... but I'm pretty sure he won't be saying anything about him being a coward. He doesn't have the guts to tell me how he feels, if he has any romantic feelings like I have. Maybe if I give him enough rope he'll hang himself for real this time. Dammit why'd I remove his core? I should have just let him rot here and given myself time to catch up to his power level.

"Listen... I know I've been pretty much an asshole towards you since we first met. I said I was sorry back at the motel. Or did you forget that?" Jason intones.

"I didn't forget." I respond. "Your apology just didn't feel authentic since you just left the next morning without an explanation."

He sighs heavily and crosses his arms. "Alright, whatever." He says simply as he walks away from me towards the east side of the street. "We'll leave the past behind us for the moment. We've got more important things to do right now."

"Wait... what things?" I look at him all confused.

"You've not run into one yet? The monsters with mutated Sentinel cores inside? Of course you haven't, you'd be dead." He looks at me bluntly, almost with pity.

"Hey now fuck off I killed a freakish dog thing like I dunno, eight days ago? Seven?" I curse him out.

"Yeah well, somebody had to make those, someone inside the city. We need to find out who and stop them, or at least get them under our control." Jason states with a rather official tone.

"So... what you wanna team up?" I sigh. "You told me a few minutes ago to get lost."

"I know, sorry." He replies in a half-mumble. "It's probably safer if we travel together, at least until we find and kill whoever is trying to make our lives more difficult."

"Ok fine." I give in. "But I'm keeping your fucking sword. Think of it as payment for pulling you out of the rubble."

"That's fair." He laughs. "I have several more at my homebase anyways, we'll stop by there first."

Of course he does.

And so, we headed out. We spent several days together just exploring and looting. No fucking or kinky stuff though, Jason and I basically felt like siblings or roommates or something. If he felt attracted to me he sure as hell didn't show it. Regardless, on like our 9th day as temporary allies, we came to a crossroads in the south-east section of the city.

Before we even realized the immense danger we were in, a loud booming sound flung through the air. We looked up just in time to see a missile hit a nearby skyscraper... and we were pretty much right below it.

&&

*026*2023-01-06 11:18

Chapter 4 is here, looks like I don't need manual approval anymore so yay.

This chapter is mostly non-sexual as well but no worries I'll make up for it in chapter 5. I've been intentionally holding off on the Jason/Vaine sex since well, it's her first time. Not sure how good I am at writing "romance" but hey I'm trying, kind of lol. I tried for more comedy in this chapter as well, which is also a weakness of mine in terms of writing. I hope it's at least passable. I love tiny dicks they're cute don't hate me please.

I decided to add more pictures randomly out of a spur of the moment decision, one could always lemme know if you like this change or not. I figured if a character sees like a poster or a painting or something in the story that I could just show it but maybe it's not a good idea. Regardless I hope you enjoy and hopefully the graphic "fight scene" doesn't get me in trouble.

Nevertheless, thanks for reading and see you all next time.

~Vaine.

*027*2023-01-09 07:15

Chapter 5: Being Buried Alive is Actually Fun?! Who Knew?

Jason and I ran into the collapsing skyscraper. Do not ask me why. We thought it'd be safer than being outside on the street I guess. But that doesn't matter anymore. After about five seconds of us bolting inside like idiots the lobby floor beneath our feet crumbled away and we fell down a few basement floors.

After regenerating our leg bones and other broken shit, a few minutes later we were very lucky and ended up in one safe corner of said basement. Lucky that our heads and cores didn't get crushed I mean. I had to sever my leg and regenerate a new one, that wasn't fun. Jason also had to regrow his one arm up to the elbow so we both fucked up our bodies hard today.

Get your mind outta the sewers you perverts you.

We only had about maybe 70 square feet of walking room, probably less. We could see the aging daylight coming in through a massive pile of debris that blocked off our path so that was good, fresh oxygen and all that. The problem was, we couldn't reach it or climb up there. All the huge slabs of rubble around us were too big to move. It'd take alot of effort to dig ourselves out and I don't even know if we have the adequate tools to do so.

We are trapped. The rubble just keeps growing and growing as the building continues to collapse. After about ten minutes, the ground finally stops shaking from the impacts of tons and tons of debris hitting well, everything. After that sound dies down we occasionally hear more distant explosions. Extra missiles coming into Dallas I guess. Perfect.

I sigh as I look through my backpack. 7 bottles of water, 4 cans of food. A single pair of panties and a bra. I was gonna loot more clothing today but fuck, guess that's not gonna happen now.

Water. Oh god water. What will we do when we have to piss?! Oh... oh no. Jason's gonna have to poo sometime isn't he? Oh god I don't want to have to smell that. We could be down here for a long while. Shit. Literally.

"I wonder who attacked this building," Jason says rather casually after he gets his arm back, his voice as gruff as always. I don't find it sexy at all. Nope, not at all. "Was it a US Missile? Was it attack sent by another country? Terrorists? Rebels?"

"I dunno, maybe someone was targeting the alien spacecraft and missed... a lot of shots." That's the best explanation I can come up with on the spot but who the fuck actually knows.

I look at the internet on my Core's HUD for info about the attack but I found nothing. Whatever was happening here hadn't been made public yet or maybe it never will be. Maybe it's too soon for the news to spread? Probably. It's only been about 15 minutes since we've been down here. Few people outside of the USA probably care about us anymore really.

"It will be dark soon. We should decide how much of our flashlight's power we'll use, if any at all." I try to remain logical on the outside, even though I know I'll have to pee within the hour in all likelihood.

"We have plenty of food," says Jason, holding up a silver tin. "So yeah, let's not waste the flashlights tonight."

I nod. I guess we should conserve our batteries energy just in case we're trapped down here longer than we should be. It would suck to be stuck here underground and have no light too. Yay distracting myself by thinking of electrical hand torches, woohoo! The two of us start eating a can of food we had with us. He has some kinda pasta while I have peaches. Great supper. Love it. I'm starting to forget what a warm homecooked meal tastes like. I'm so sick of this kind of bland nourishment. Come to think of it... the last warm meal I had was with Jason. Hmm.

It was at this moment when he realized what I had awhile ago. His mind must have clearly been in the clouds... or maybe on some more important things I didn't think of, I don't know.

"Yeah shit... I just realized... small space... is gonna make going to the washroom... difficult." He audibly gulps and I can't help but chuckle.

"Yeah no shit sherlock." I tease with an evil grin on my face. "I started dreading that when the building finally stopped crumbling down."

We're like three basement levels deep, maybe four. It's not like we can claw ourselves out of here in a day and not have to piss out a flaming hose of horny juice by then. Even so, Jason starts panicking abit and clawing at the now reddish light hole coming from the setting sun.

"Oh god we could be stuck down here for weeks!" Jason barks.

"Probably." I take my biggest combat knife I have with me and begin to chip away at the floor in the southern "corner" of the room. I think we're caged in the north-east corner right now but I'm not entirely sure. Pretty sure it's that though, judging from the angle of the sunlight coming in and the orientation of the two walls meeting behind us.

Anyway I keep picking away at the basement's surface, trying to make a decent sized hole. Jason, after shouting and scratching his fingers down to the bone several times, finally gives up trying to escape for now as he sits down and lets his hands regenerate fully. I don't know why he did that, the pain must've been awful unless he has some sort of pain nullifying skill.

"What're you doing?" He says as I'm pretty sure he's staring directly as my ass as I continue to pull the floor away as much as possible.

"Making a toilet of sorts." I say rather nonchalantly, "If we piss on the flat concrete it'll quickly spread out to all our current living space. Neither of us would want that. Plus you need a place to poop so..."

"Don't you mean we need a place?" Jason inquires, confused.

Oh. Shit. I forgot he doesn't know about my super ability that allows me to never have to drop turds.

"No I uhh." I usher out a loud fake cough. "One of my abilities is that I never have to uhh, take a shit again."

Jason just stares at me dumbfounded. "Really? You unlocked such an ability? How many souls it cost you?"

"Don't remember. It was very cheap though, like 200 souls or something." I casually reply.

"Why didn't you tell me? I can easily afford that... phew... no feces here." Jason says as he sighs deeply.

A few seconds later, I hear a very loud fart coming from Jason's side of the room. I drop the knife and laugh hysterically. I forgot that happened to me too when I first unlocked that skill. Oh god it smells awful. Stinky. Stinky boy.

"What the fuck?" Jason is blushing such a bright shade of red that he may as well be... a police siren... or something.

I suck with words ok? Fuck off.

I finally manage to stop laughing when my stomach starts to hurt too much. Oh god that was hilarious. Laughing out loud at a loud fart... I must be 11 years old again.

"Yeah the ability only stops you from pooping. It doesn't effect your gas or your liquid..." I realize I'm explaining what my body does to him so I stop myself in my tracks. Fuck.

My stomach rumbles. It's only been like ten minutes since we ate but I can already feel the urine pressing against the inner walls of my bladder. Another side effect of this ability is that you have to urinate alot more than the average person. But I'm sure Jason will realize that soon as well, if he cares enough to look it up on his skill list or whatever. If I know him as well as I think I do, he'll probably just ignore it for now.

After the smell of Jason's flatulence has disappeared mostly, I keep digging our crude potty out of the stone cold Steve Austin floor. I swear he's still enjoying the view of my glorious butt. What a prick. And I'm stuck with him in a tight space. This will force us to basically sleep side by side which we've never done before. I've been horny for Jason for what feels like ever but it's only been for a little over six weeks since we met. He's shown no romantic interest in me... so why the hell am I so turned on right now?

Fuck. I guess it's just because we're trapped down here underground with no escape, like some porno fantasy. Maybe that makes sense, maybe not. It's probably just my overactive libido and nothing more. It's June by the way so... still two months left of me being in heat. Great.

Jason comes up from behind me and helps me dig with his own improvised tool, some kinda ice pick or screwdriver I think. A thought enters my mind... I don't care about how this sounds. This is too fucking funny. I can't stop laughing. We're literally working together in a small space, digging out our peepee hole. Yes I have the maturity of an 11 year old as I said before piss off. Oh god I need to have a piss off right about now.

"What's so funny?" He questions rather bluntly.

Same old Jason... not seductive or romantic in the least. Geez my taste in males is awful.

"Uhm... we're digging out a pit to piss into... yeah." My mind races for something else to say before I burst out laughing again. "Do you want to watch-"

Good job Vaine, great thing you said. Best line ever, 10/10.

Oh god now I'm blushing hard and my pussy is quivering and asking for desperate relief. Fuck my life. Jason laughs loudly as he stares at me and continues to work with his screwdriver. He's wearing a huge smug smile on his face. Great. Now we've both been super embarrassed in one day and our score is back to even. Dammit I wanna be ontop!

Not like that- shit.

We keep digging for about five more minutes and we hit a large metal pipe. This means there's a drainage system here. It could be part of the old sewer system for this building... and it may be an option for getting us out of here. Only issue would be is if we can cut a hole into it that'd be big enough for us to get through with our inadequate set of tools.

My vagina vibrates with pain again and I groan lightly. It hurts so much. I really have to pee. I'm distracted and Jason is doing most of the work now. I have no idea what he's thinking about but he seems focused. His cheeks are flushed a deep red hue now as well. He's looking up at me as he continues to work, a smile still plastered across his face from what I said earlier. I can feel my heartbeat quicken ever so slightly when I look at him.

"I uhh, really have to go." I half-mumble as I do a not so subtle desperation dance.

Jason just smiles and says "Alright, the pipe has a few small holes and cracks in it anyway so... the makeshift toilet shouldn't overflow when we use it."

I nod, my stomach is making a obvious and loud gurgling noises. My bladder feels like it's gonna burst at any moment. Without really thinking too hard I unbutton my pants and let them drop to the ground with a clink. Jason just looks at me and my white panties for what feels like ages. Oh shit, this is the first time he's seen me... without pants. The nerves in my skin crawl like spiders walking all over me but I manage to remain calm on the outside.

"Alright," He finally says as he stands up and lets me get near the tiny hole we dug.

He continues to stare at me, seemingly undressing me with his eyes. I squirm even more and more as my peepee dance grows stronger. Gah this is sexual torture! This should be illegal!

"Why're you still looking?!" I yell in frustration as the burning in my nether region intensifies.

"Didn't you want me to watch you pee?" Jason says as he crosses his arms. "You know, for safety reasons of course."

His eyes are locked on my pussy and he's staring intently. I can't stop myself from shivering slightly. I'm so flushed with embarrassment but my primal need to piss finally grows too strong. With a whimper I drop my white panties down onto the floor. He's looking at me! Looking at my black slit! No one else has ever seen it before. Oh god... Am I having another naughty dream? I don't seem to be.

I squat lightly over the toilet as I notice Jason's boner through his pants. Freaking pervert. What an asshole. I hate you so much. I try to pee to relieve this arousing pain but nothing comes out, not even a trickle. Damn this hurts! Why is this so hard? Jason is just standing there with his hands behind his back now, his chest heaving ever so slightly as he watches me failing to empty my bladder, like some kinda sexy movie rogue. Curse you Jack Sparrow!

What? Ahh fuck...

"Maybe seeing mine will make you feel more comfortable?" He says with surprising sexual authority as he drops his pants and his boxers with one motion, releasing his full 5 inch erection to the world.

Wait 5 inches? That little tiny pecker I saw earlier today grew to that?! What? Maybe his limp dick was just hidden behind loads of pubic fur who the fuck knows.

I don't understand the male body at all do I?

My pussy spasms violently as I spread my legs, giving Jason a better view. Oh god oh fuck I wanna piss! Let me pee dammit! His dick is green, same shade and color as his hair and nails... that's Jason's actual dick. Not the fake one from my night movies but the real deal. Oh shit. My mouth waters, my pussy aches, and my nipples harden. It feels like my heart is about to beat its way right outta my chest. How can this little thing do all of that? And what the fuck am I supposed to say to him now? Oh god my bladder clearly has no vacancy and yet none of the golden guests want to leave. This sucks. Sucks so much, fuck!

He sits on the floor, erection in hand, getting as close as possible to my swollen beaten down pussy.

"Do you want me to-" Jason's voice breaks off abruptly. "To help you out?"

Oh god no! I'm gonna die from embarrassment. No no no-

"Yeah," I yip out quietly as my entire body goes rigid even more than before.

I feel his hot breath on my privates as he stares at my wet black pussy. He moves his face closer to my exposed sex, then licks his lips, and takes a deep inhale of my scent. His nose bumps against my clit and I moan loudly. Fuck it hurts! Piss can come out of my cunt any day now! That would be nice. Come on... why won't my body let me urinate?! This feels agonizingly bad. Is Jason trying to help me or torture me?

In a few seconds I have my answer. He begins to massage my pussy's outer edges softly. Oh... that feels so nice and he's not even really touching anything. I'm going to go crazy if he keeps that up. It's almost enough to make me ignore the now debilitating pain. Almost... but nah not really.

Fuck... ahh... my vagina is still lit from top to bottom, like a burning torch that's pressed against it like some kinda fucked up torture chamber. This sucks so bad but at least Jason is here.

He takes off my shirt with his other hand and I comply, leaving me with nothing on except my white bra, my nipples are poking hard through the fabric. He continues to massage my pussy gently as his face changes to something warm and intimate.

"You don't have to be embarrassed." He remarks. "Your beautiful..."

"Then why haven't we made love before?" I whimper with pain-filled tears in my eyes. "Why'd you make me wait? You made me think that you were gay or something, which would be fine, but you never said a damn thing!"

"I uhh... was scared to be... be with someone again. I'm... I'm sorry." Jason assures me as his nether massaging grows from a slow pace to a medium one. "But uhh, once we got stuck down here I realized... that being afraid... of you... was so damn stupid and silly of me."

I manage to smile. "I really really like you... even though you're an awful piece of shit." I chuckle lightly.

My entire body is engulfed in flames of arousal by this point. Is... is this.. happiness? Or is this just lustful desires finally being fulfilled? Desires of only a month in a half but still. I've wanted to be intimate with Jason for awhile. We're clearly gonna fuck once I'm done urinating, judging from his raging boner and our confessional conversation. My pussy feels so good despite the absurdly skyrocketing pain. I take a couple deep breaths as I finally allow my privates to let loose their armies. Piss gushes out of me like an atom bomb and covers Jason's fingers. He simply laughs and stands up, clearly enjoying the show.

"Finally." He smirks, clearly proud of himself.

I literally howl with relief the millisecond my golden lady juice exits my slit. The pleasure that my bladder feels right now is just out of this world, the euphoria I'm experiencing now is amazing. I wanna cum so badly but my desire to just enjoy myself peeing is stronger right now. Jason... is watching me... seeing everything. Nothing is being left to his imagination. I continue to urinate, the flow doesn't die down at all. In fact my pulsing piss jet feels more intense than ever, so much so that I'm pretty sure most of it is leaving the confines of the stone porta-potty and splattering onto the floor where we'll later sleep. I can't believe how good this feels. The burning in my urethra is now a numbing pleasure that won't die down. Jason's mouth is just agape, like he's never seen something quite like this before as I continue to shudder with relief.

@@He puts his erect dick directly in the line of fire of my pee stream and he's clearly enjoying my inner warmth that is spilling out of me. A small part of me wants to stop peeing so I can kiss him, but the other larger part of me just wants to relieve this tension that I accidently built up for myself. I moan in a very unladylike manner as I open my dirty filthy cunt with two of my fingers, giving an even better view of my interior lady bits. I'm panting heavily as I squeeze my urethra muscles tighter and release what feels like gallons of hot piss onto Jason's cock. It runs down over his length, and he gasps as it splashes against his balls. He moans with pleasure and I smile happily at the stupid goofy look on his face. He seems to enjoy watching me piss so much as his eyes never leave mine as he strokes his hard cock. My body feels so alive, it feels like my heart is beating out of my chest. I can't believe I'm actually peeing on somebody who I like, it's as if I'm marking my territory and saying he belongs to me now.

A few seconds pass and my piss fountain finally starts to slow down. However, I continue to spray out globs of urine as I seemingly force them into existence. I'm breathing heavily and I can't stop myself. This feeling of pleasure from peeing... I don't want it to end it feels too good. I'm such a freak and I love it. I'm so horny and I just wanna fuck Jason so bad right now! My pussy is a sopping mess of girlcum and piss at this point. After about ten more seconds sadly I'm finally finished draining my bladder and I let out a loud victory sigh as my legs finally stop quaking and regain their strength.

"Oh... oh my god," Jason pants from arousal. "You're so hot."

I smile back at him and begin to dry off his shaft and my pussy with my cast away panties. They're so wet, warm and gross but I feel super sexy by just looking at them. I fling the sopping precum undies down into the toilet and it lands on the broken pipe as kiss Jason lewdly. My body shudders every time his lips touch mine, like a glorious spring breeze that just relaxes the shit out of you. I can feel my swollen kitty throbbing, asking for something new. Jason hands slide up along my black furred sides and shoulders as he pushes my head down towards his cock. I don't know what else to do, so I go along with it.

As soon as my canine lips touch his penis I realize just how big it is up close. Again such a nice package from a small... mailbox? I gasp at the thought of how this would feel inside of me and then shudder again as I begin to suck him dry. It feels like we're in heaven! The taste is sweet and salty at the same time, I love it so much, tastes almost exactly like my favorite flavor of junk food. Who knew I've been eating chips that taste like dick for my whole life?! Ahem, moving on. Jason encourages me further as he grabs my hair tightly. My pussy continues to melt in the open air. I moan softly around his shaft as I try to get it down my throat as far as possible. He thrusts into my mouth eagerly, his hips buckling. Oh my god this is so fucking good! His balls are rubbing against my chin now and I fondle them eagerly. This brand new experience for me is great. I want to make him cum so badly.

He pulls himself out of my jaws though and I sigh lightly. I don't have to wait long for the next stage though as Jason takes off my bra and pins me against the wall. He smiles at the sight of my boobs which feature black nipples and white fur. He kisses my breast affectionately as our bodies entwine as close as they possibly can. We're both utterly naked now. His shaft is teasing my dripping cunt as I smile. I could think of a million better places to lose my virginity than in this underground hellhole... but I'm glad I'm here now... with him.

He leans forward ever so slightly as he kisses my neck, then my cheek as his Cheeto flavored cock easily slides into my wet slit. Fuck it feels so good. It hurts somewhat, but it's nothing compared to the agonizing pain of being unable to urinate. His hard member rubs against my g-spot repeatedly, sending tremors of pleasure throughout my body. Oh fuck yeah... this is sex. I'm actually making love right now. This is so much more insane and real than any other dream could be. He pushes harder, driving himself deep into me as he reaches underneath my ass with his hand. Oh god I'm so tight! His fingers find my asshole and he pushes two of them gently inside, I moan softly at the sensation. My first time getting fucked, a dick in my main hole and digits in the other one. Words can barely describe how horny I'm feeling. His anal probing feels like it comes from the gods, so much so that I can't handle it and my mind goes almost completely blank.

"Jason!" I gasp out between deep long breaths. "I- I'm gonna-"

His hand moves up my stomach to my chest and he grab onto my breast tightly. His other arm is around me to hold my hips in place while he continues to pierce into me with all his might. I can't endure it anymore, the pressure built up in my little kitty is just too hot. My vagina feels like its going to erupt any second now and I can feel myself begin to cum on his cock. I squeeze my eyes shut, moaning loudly as wave after wave of ecstasy crashes down upon me. Every inch of my being feels electrified, I just wanna cum forever as I cry out with blissful moans.

I hear Jason's voice through my foggy vision. "Don't stop now!"

The only thing that comes to my mind at this moment is "fuck yes please don't stop". I can't even remember if I said those words out loud or not, but I'm pretty sure he knew what I meant. He continues to pump into me faster and faster as my orgasm still rages out of control. When Jason cums inside of me, I feel his slick sperm shoot itself all the way into the back of my womb. Oh god that feels amazing. So thick, so warm... so hot! My entire body goes limp as the pleasure becomes too intense for me to endure. All I can do is hang there on Jason's arm while I catch my breath.

"You're incredible," Jason whispers into my ear. "That couldn't have been your first time."

"It was." I take in a deep swig of air, Jason clearly enjoying the sight of my breasts natural movement.

"No way... really?" He looks at me incredulously.

"Well yeah..." I reply simply. "Before I was a Reaper I had no interest in sex. Now it's half of what I think about. Ok more than half."

Jason laughs as he faces the toilet, and orders me to stand over it with my bare butt facing him. I'm still super horny and I comply without saying a word. He clearly is as well, as his member is still rock hard even as some of his semen is still coming out.

"Female Reapers can't get pregnant apparently, at least that's what my core is saying." Jason informs me. "You want to keep going I assume?"

I grin devilishly at the thought. The sun has gone down by this point, so the only moonlight we can detect is enhanced by our natural night vision. We can barely see each other due to the very low amount of light but we can our vision is good enough to still have fun. Jason slaps my bare buttcheek hard a couple of times and it feels really good. He puts his dick in between my asscheeks and I yelp happily in surprise.

"If this is your first time we need to make it memorable in this shithole of a place. I'd have loved to fuck you in my bed at homebase but uhh, guess that'll have to wait." He smirks, I think.

His rockhard dick in between my fat cheeks feels great. He rubs my backside's entrance firmly with his thumb and I let out a deep sigh.

"If we can't take a dump anymore, may as well use the dumpster for.. something else." He laughs and groans rather loudly. "I have to piss out a waterfall... but you don't mind being my anthro toilet do you?"

My eyes light up and I simply nod my head. He sticks the tip of his warm hard cock into my super tight anus and it feels nice. However, what comes next feels outstanding. Jason grunts louder and louder and eventually laughs.

"Here it comes." He states rather calmly.

Within an instant my anal cavity begins to fill up with his piss. It feels so divine that I cry out in pleasure as my bowels start to swell up with urine. My pussy is dripping wet so I touch myself and moan loudly as Jason's garden hose continues to fill my reardoor up like a waterbed. The entire process doesn't take very long, just about 15 seconds to fill me up. The piss starts to leak out of my butthole loudly with a loud hissing noise, like a broken faucet being turned on. I smile and lean against the wall. The feeling of the warm piss inside of me makes my body tingle as Jason keeps his pee flow going, the sound of him urinating into my filled-to-the-brim insides is incredibly erotic.

Once Jason seems like he's almost done pissing he pulls himself out of me and his warm piss gushes out of my rectum like a yellow enema. I cry out with orgasmic bliss as the release of pressure is too much and I cum hard as I feel Jason's penis inside my pussy again. He groans with delight as my spasming privates clench around his throbbing member and he grits his teeth and looks down at me lustfully.

"Enjoyed your piss enema a little bit too much there did you?" He teases me mercilessly as my anus is still draining itself and probably will be for awhile.

I grab his balls in response and squeeze. "You know it... ugh I can't stop cumming!"

Jason moves one of his hands to my mouth and he kisses me deeply. Our tongues entwine and we both moan loudly as I feel my cunt asking for it and seemingly sucking on Jason's dick as if it were a second mouth. My eyes dart up towards Jason's face, watching him intently. I love how intense he is right now. His body is still shaking from my orgasmic rush but I'm sure he's enjoying himself just as much as I am. I feel even more sperm tadpoles enter my uterus and I squeal with delight. He thrusts into me forcefully now, driving his cock deep into my body. We both moan loudly, our bodies writhing together in ecstasy. Jason pulls his face back slightly and grunts. "FUCK!"

His voice echoes off the walls, and a few seconds later he begins to fill me up with even more of his hot semen. Back to back orgasms for him hmm? Nice. I've lost count of mine. My hips are shivering so intensely that my whole body feels numb. I try to move but my legs are not responding. I can feel his seed moving through me like liquid fire, but it only adds to the pleasure I'm feeling. It feels like a nice warm blanket beside a fireplace inside of me, and my womb is completely filled.

***

After our rather absurd fuckfest, I lay down ontop of Jason after we both drink an entire bottle of water and we fall asleep naked in each others arms. When I wake up he is snoring gently next to me as the sun rises. My breasts and stomach are sticky with cum, and my thighs are still sore. I feels so good though. I pull some food out of my bag, a can of corn and I begin to eat it while casually peeing on the floor, I doubt either of us care anymore. Jason looks over at me with sleepy eyes as he sits up slowly.

"Good morning Miss Pissy," Jason smiles, rubbing my arm. "Sleep well?"

"Uh huh... I'm sorry you had to take the concrete floor." I reply with genuine sympathy.

"Can't be helped until we get outta this hellhole."

We spend the next couple of days naked, it's just the two of us and I only have a single set of spare underwear in my bag. During that time we decide to only eat one can a day, to save on food. We're hungry and it sucks but our sex is still great. On the third full day of being underground we finally dig our toilet bowl hole enough that we can slip through it. The drainage pipe has collapsed at all 3 exits though unfortunately so there's nothing down here except stale pisswater. Gross.

If we didn't smell bad before we sure as hell do now. We're so filthy with dirt, dust, cum and piss that we needed a bath last weekend. Nevertheless we don't really care and continue to fuck our smelly asses off anyways. On the fifth day, our drinking water supply is low, so we need to get out of here right quick. We wouldn't die from dehydration since our cells constantly regenerate but still being super thirsty 24/7 doesn't sound fun at all.

Thankfully by day seven, we're finally free and enjoying the warm summer sun on our filthy furry bodies. We find more food and water at a Walmart and eat and drink until we're full, before heading towards the river for a much needed bath. Along the way we spot several more skyscrapers that were once standing before but are now mere husks of their former selves. The red alien spaceship is still hovering in the exact same spot as it always has been.

When we reach the river, we place our food filled backpacks and weapons to the side and pull out a bunch of soap that we also looted from the big bad blue corporation. We walk down a set of stairs that descend into the river, so we can stand on them and go in slowly. I giggle like a little girl when my foot touches the cool, refreshing water. It looks slightly dirtier than before but still fairly clean, must be all the dust in the air slowly settling from the recent missile attack. Damn.

When the bottom of my asscheeks touch the water's surface, I look at Jason seductively. He pulls out a bar of soap, makes it wet and then begins to soap up my butt affectionately.

"You really know how to treat a lady, Jason." I whisper to him with a grin. I sigh happily in response as his bubbly hands work their way around my body. His hand slips between my legs and I let out an excited yelp as he cleans me there too. I enjoy slathering his chest and cock with soap as well and we both start to smell like not shit. We tease each others nipples and assholes, loving it all the while. We don't like cum or anything though, we want to save that for later tonight.

We spend almost half an hour in the river washing off all the grime from our long stay underground, until we finally emerge on the other side feeling refreshed and clean.

Bath quest completed! What?! No achievement?

'No.'

Kay.

The sun is setting over the horizon and the city is bathed in a beautiful orange glow. Well it would be pretty if it wasn't a smoldering ruin but you know. We head to a clothing store, one we've shopped at a few times and we enjoy playing dress-up with each other this time. Jason picks out a green pair of panties and a bra for me to wear, of course he does, along with a super short mini-skirt that barely covers my crotch and for sure leaves my asscheeks exposed. He also puts me in a charming little yellow tanktop with rainbows on it. It's so colorful that I could puke.

I dress him in basically all black, making him look as much like an original Matrix character as possible. Jason hasn't seen those movies so I slap him playfully for his movie sin. The sun has set completely by this point so we pull out our flashlights and make the thirty minute trek back to his homebase. Along the way I mention the school that I originally made my base at and says he knows where it is, so tomorrow he promises that we'll go and get my stuff. Damn Jason you be like a anthro GPS or something, he always seems to know where we are and we've never gotten lost. His navigation skills are far above mine for sure.

After we grab my stuff... well I guess we'll just have to keep looking for any signs of someone who possibly made the monstrous animal mutants from Anthro Smoothie mush. Yeah that's still the plot right now. Yup. Speaking of plot, Jason and I haven't found any more sacks of corpse goo. All the "new" ones we've found have been like egg shells without the yolk, which is why we think someone else is using it to make those... things. Anyway we'll get back to it soon... just let us enjoy ourselves for now dammit.

When we arrive at his outpost, which is a basic highschool, He turns on a gas powered generator that is near the indoor pool. It... feels good to be back here again, probably because I know what's coming for dessert.

We make our way to the locker rooms in the back, where he sleeps and keeps his personal belongings. I guess in a couple days, my stuff will be here as well. Along almost the entire side of one wall there's a bunch of like... cubby hole bunk beds? Not sure what they're called. It's basically just two extra long sleeping tubes stacked on top of one another and it's stuffed with blankets in the higher futons and at the one end. Knowing how good Jason is with his hands, I wouldn't be surprised if he made it himself somehow.

Ahem... anyway.

We put our gear and packs down and settle in. Jason strips down to his dark boxers, peeling the seemingly endless layers of emo black clothing off of him. Ok I may have gone too far with that. Once he's done I tease him slowly, although maybe not slowly enough. I play around with the bottom fabric of my yellow rainbow tank top, showing off my white bellybutton and the fur around it. I pull it up over my head and cast it onto the floor as I coax my lover to lay down onto the bottom bunk. He watches me eagerly as I peel off my miniskirt, his small half chub erection grows as he sees my lime-green colored panties. I position my ass over his crotch and begin to tease his cock by rubbing our underwear together while I'm in the cowgirl position.

"You wanna let me see how good you taste?" I growl as I start to rub his shaft through his boxers with my hands.

Jason nods silently, his mouth hanging open as I slip my fingers into his undershorts and pull out his mostly hard green cock. I give him a slow handjob as I run my tongue along the tip of his dick. He groans softly in response as I strive to lick his balls dry before going further up towards the head of his penis. As I'm licking around the head of his penis, Jason's eyes begin to close and I know it won't take him long to cum. He takes the initiative and rips my bra off as I pull away his boxers completely. He forcefully grabs onto my ass through my panties and my entire body quivers. It doesn't take him long to move my undies to the side as he thrusts himself into my wet slit. I gasp and moan in pleasure as I feel his thick shaft inside of me. His hands are strong and I enjoy the way they're gripping my buttcheeks. Oh shit, feels great.

"Fuuuck... Jason... fuck me!" I scream as his fingers dig into my fleshy thighs, making my legs quiver in delight. I push my hips back against him and start to hump his dick furiously. My ass is making loud thumping sounds as I continue to ride him. My pussy is absolutely melting right now as well. Cowgirl is honestly one of my favorite positions, being on top of his cock fills out my inner birth canal in all the right places. Jason groans softly as I bounce myself up and down his shaft like a horny teenager at prom. The friction on our skin and fur makes me squeal in delight as we both start to pant heavily. I'm loving every moment of this, I can tell that Jason is enjoying it as much as I am.

My pelvis starts to slam into the mattress harder as I lose control, I feel the warm wetness of Jason's semen inside of me as he cries out in ecstasy. I'm not too far behind either. I come undone and scream loudly as I orgasm while bouncing on his dick, my entire body numb from the intense pleasure. We last fucked two days ago but you know, feels fantastic every single time. Although we enjoy our pissplay much more, we've agreed to not do it in our bedroom where we actually sleep. Anywhere else in this god forsaken city is free game though. Jason kisses my neck softly, before pulling out of me. I turn around to face him, smiling widely. His penis is glistening with sweat and my juices, I can't help but lick his dick clean, which he likes quite a lot. He kisses me deeply and we fall asleep after that.

***

After a restful horny sleep, we wake up again and both of our bladders are aching badly, so we go out of our makeshift bedroom and head to the pool. It looks all dirty and gross so no one should ever swim in it anymore, but somehow it looks rather pretty in the moonlight. It's not night right now though it's morning, durr.

Jason is wearing his black boxers, I'm only wearing my green panties. We decide to have a pee holding contest, loser has to walk the entire way back to my school naked. It sounds sadistic and fun so we do it. I spread my legs and aim my kitty towards the pool, while Jason sits down beside me in much of the same unflattering position. We both writhe around for awhile, trying to ignore our ache that is slowly growing. My nipples harden and my anus clenches up. I'm not going to lose.

"You got this!" He grins at me encouragingly with a wicked grin.

"Fuck you..." I say playfully. "This- ah, was a horrible idea."

We both laugh. After several seconds pass I notice Jason is really feeling sore. He looks so cute when he's desperate. I feel a sharp jolt in my pussy about a minute later and I guess I too have a worried look on my face as my legs start to quiver uncontrollably.

"I'm not going to pee, I'm not gonna pee, I am not pissing... will not urinate..." I talk to myself in a vain, hey that's my misspelled name, attempt to stop myself from going weewee.

Jason laughs at my expense and I reply with a middle finger. He's clearly enjoying this, his dick is rock hard despite the primal need to drain his snake. After about ten minutes of us both sitting there awkwardly clutching our crotches, my bladder can hold out no longer.

"Fuck fuck fuck!" I cry out in agony and in pleasure... "No no... ahhh... dammit..."

My piss dam shatters and my panties are basically instantly soaked. Jason looks at my wet camel toe with admiration as piss splays out of my privates wildly. He watches as it mostly splashes into the pool and creates a tiny stain of yellow before disappearing within seconds of landing.

"Fff... ffff... you... fuck... yeeaaah..." I'm trying to hold back laughter but I can't help myself, damn I just love pissing too much!

It doesn't take him long to make an even bigger impact as he pulls out his dragon and fires away. We both sigh with relief as we pee to our heart's content. It feels so nice, I love wetting my panties almost as much as I love killing. Jason takes his time though, his stream goes far and wide across the entire pool area and he even urinates onto the opposite side of the deck like god damn the aim you can get with a penis is so unfair. The pool starts to glow a little more green as more and more of our piss is taken in, it's still largely dark blue though. Jason then stands up, and begins to walk towards the edge of the pool where I'm sitting and we share a kiss as he helps me up.

"Well, heave ho." He snickers as he pulls off my green panties rather forcefully.

I yelp in surprise and embarrassment, not sure why I feel the latter. Damn you primal instincts! I take my panties from his grubby paws and throw them into the pool, where they will remain until the end of time I'm sure.

"Now you'll have to be naked for the rest of the day young lady. Let's get your stuff from your school shall we?" Jason laughs as he smacks my ass.

Ugh, no fair... I almost had him. All I'm allowed to wear is my sword and its belt. Everything else is being left here. Jason will carry our supplies of food and water for the day while I will have to carry my stuff back so... yeah. We both go up to the roof for breakfast and I try to get used to being naked while the bastard Jason is fully clothed. Dammit all why'd it have to end this way?!


