Getting into our swimsuits

Author: Viesmann

*000*2022-01-03 21:54

Last summer I was going to the pool with some friends from uni. I woke up rather late and hurried to chug a cup of coffee and pack my one-piece swimsuit, large towel and snacks. A glance at the clock told me I was going to be late so I jumped on my bike and noticed I skipped my morning pee, but I didn't think much of it as I would be at the pool in about 10 minutes.

I must have driven quite fast, since I actually got there on time. four out of my five friends were already waiting and I walked up to them. One of the girls, we'll call her Sam, was standing with her legs tensed and crossed, which reminded me of my own bladder. I asked where the guy that had ordered our tickets was and the girl with the crossed legs answered that he had texted them that he had gotten a flat tire and would get here in about 10 minutes.

Of course those 10 turned into 20 and we got comfortable sitting down on the parking lot and starting our snacks. When he finally showed up we got into the queue for entering the pool. After the ticket booth there would be changing rooms, and after the changing rooms there would be toilets. I knew I would be changing in a hurry and I knew someone else that would as well.

By the time we were having our tickets scanned Sam had her bag in front of her waist and one hand behind it, undoubtedly on her jeans. I must admit I was also feeling the pressure of my morning pee and coffee filling up my bladder, and I couldn't really focus on the conversation my friends were having.

After all of our tickets were scanned we walked on to the changing rooms and I saw something I should have seen coming: a queue. the guys got in the guy queue and me and Sam got in the girl queue. With the boys minding their own business and Sam in a worse spot than me I finally gave in and brought my hand down to my struggling lady bits.

I tried to make some conversation with Sam but I didn't get much more out of her than a couple nods. When we finally got to the front of the queue and a stall opened up Sam and me looked at each other, both our hands down there and our legs crossed. We both started for the stall and got in.

Both of us immediately started undoing our shoes, but Sam struggled as she tried to keep some pressure on the outside of her pants. In a hurry I pulled my pants and panties down at the same time and immediately felt my need greatly increase, like I was about to sit down on a toilet. In a reflex both my hands shot down to my naked bits and I squeezed myself while bending over slightly.

Sam pulled down just her jeans first, and while she used both of her hands to pull them down over her legs and feet a small patch started glistening on her pink panties. She basically slapped herself while bringing her right hand up to them and after two seconds she removed her hand to inspect the damage and looked at me sheepishly.

In the mean time I was digging through my bag to find my swimsuit with one hand, while the other was pressed firmly between my naked legs. Sam removed her t-shirt next and squirmed while using both hands to undo her bra. When I finally found my swimsuit I too pulled my shirt over my head, but I was not wearing any bra.

To get into my swimsuit I raised my right leg and immediately a small spurt escaped me. It made a splash on the floor and Sam squirmed in agony. I looked at her mortified while squeezing myself harder than ever. I needed to get into this swimsuit and to the bathroom as quickly as possible, but it felt impossible to even move my legs.

Sam had also found her swimsuit and was now removing her panties. She tried what I had tried, and while her legs opened up a small drop started running down the leg she was standing on, she however did not stop as I had done and also put her other leg in the swimsuit, causing a slightly larger drop to run down her other leg.

I knew I didn't want Sam to wait for me so I too tried again, leaking small dribbles on the dry changing room floor. Sam had now gotten the swimsuit up to her waist and while putting her hands through the arm holes i saw a couple more drops run down between her crossed legs. I too was getting my swimsuit on fully now, and it was a lot tighter than I remembered, putting significant external pressure on my bulging bladder.

When we both had our swimsuits on we looked at each other and we knew we had to make a run for the bathrooms before our slightly wet legs would become apparent even to the casual observer. We opened the door of the stall and both tried removing our hands from out swimsuits, but I immediately had to cross my legs and use my hand again. Sam speed walked past me with a soft stream visible on the back of her legs.

I knew this was really the only option so I too started walking, leaking greater and greater spurts with every step until eventually we almost reached the toilets, but suddenly Sam turned around and came back facing me. "The boys" she just said with panic in her voice while her leaks were now also visible from the front.

We stood still for a second and I noticed that some people were looking at us, two girls with our legs crossed and hands between our legs. We both had streams of pee running down our legs and made audible splashes on the floor. This realization was my bladders final push, it gave in. The streams became a hissing fountain and I saw the same thing happen inside Sam's swimsuit. Pee was gushing through our swimsuits and fingers, down our legs and feet, and onto the otherwise dry floor.

We were standing in front of the lockers, completely mortified. Sam and I knew that it was over, we were peeing ourselves. Of course the boys had seen Sam and found out what was happening, I still wonder whether we could have reached the toilets before completely losing control, but I don't think so.

