A Gift from The Heavens

Author: venus

*000*2025-02-09 05:33

Maybe i'll write a part 2 if people enjoy this

"Fuck... Fuck... Not this again!" Jade thought. She was performing a precarious balancing act, where a small mistake could lead to untold disaster. She was in fact running through a hallway in her college, while at the same time trying not to piss in her tight jeans.

Her bladder wasn't exactly the biggest, and her love for nice, frigid water certainly did not help. She didn't remember just how much she drank, but judging by the sharp tingle in her abdomen, the amount was definitely excessive.

She kept on sprinting, every step felt like a gamble, and with how fast she was going she could have been a gambling addict.

"Is this hallway just fucking endless!? Where is the goddamn bathroom!" She exclaimed, in her head of course, didn't want to let people in on her miserable and quite embarrassing condition.

Then a feeling of warmness in her panties hit her, along with one of wetness. She wanted to check how bad the leak was, but there was no way to do so discreetly and there was no time to stop. She started running faster "A fucking leak? I am NOT doing this!" she said to herself, her discomfort growing and manifesting itself in her facial expression.

She ran around a corner and finally, there it was, the ladies' room. The relief she felt didn't last long though, for it was followed by a sting to her bladder. As some kind of sick joke, the human brain likes to increase one's need to piss the closer they are to a bathroom. No matter, she thought, she was so close, there was no possible way she wouldn't make it.

She stormed in the bathroom, but immediately stopped in her tracks. She felt like a 10 ton weight had just been dropped on her bladder, she was actually about to burst. "Okay, okay, this is fine- this fine. You can't lose this fight now, you're like, 3 meters away from a toilet? C'mon! Don't surrender just yet..." Her mind tried to console her, but it wasn't working too well.

She tightly gripped her crotch and squeezed her legs together. Another spurt escaped her bladder, more wetness and warmness ensued. The dampness lingered for longer, "Fuck me, this one is bad." She made a step forward, and another gush of piss escaped her and soaked her panties. She kept slowly and carefully making her way to the toilet, planning out each step. She managed to reach the stall, slammed open the door, and then another leak. The piss gushed out and contributed to wetting her already soaked panties, not only that, it made its way past them: a glistening wet patch quickly appeared on the crotch of her jeans.

She frantically tried to undo her belt, but to no avail, she could not concentrate at all, her bladder was a ticking time bomb and she was absolutely panicking. Another leak, she felt more wetness, the glistening on her jeans was renewed and the dark, moist patch expanded.

This was the end, she thought, even if she did manage to get her pants off her underwear was soaked and the stain on her jeans reached halfway through her thighs.

It was indeed the end. Her bladder could just not hold that much, it was against the laws of the universe. And so it happened, she lost control, she started pissing, a steady, strong stream. It filled her panties, then leaked through them. The patch on her jeans expanded at the speed of light, they were so wet so wet they turned shiny, like the hood of a recently washed car. A loud hissing sound filled the stall, then one of liquid splashing on the ground. The piss ran down her legs, some of it escaped the jeans by leaking through them, other streamed down until reaching her ankles and soaking her socks. As she realized it was pooling at her feet, she raised the seat and sat down.

The damage was done, no point in pulling her pants down, she just let it out, pissing her jeans while sitting on the toilet. And she was not done, her pants kept glistening and the hissing got louder. She was actively flooding her jeans, liking the intense relief that was dawning upon her. She sighed a little, feeling good. As the last few drops of pee seeped through and fell out, and the warmness she felt all over her legs started vanishing, being replaced by wet coldness, she realized what she had just done.

She, Jade, a 22 year old woman, a grown adult, had just pissed herself, and she almost enjoyed it. She got up to inspect the damage. There was a small puddle, she kind of felt bad for the janitors, but they had surely witnessed worse things.

Then she looked at her pants. They were still glistening, and very dark. It was hard to find a spot that wasn't wet, but at least her bladder didn't hurt anymore, she prayed she didn't just give herself a UTI. Now the worst part, she had to get out of that stall, and let the world see her piss soaked pants. "This is it, my social life is over, completely over, there is no salvation... there is no salvation... Or well, I mean come on, I have nice looks, right? And there are people who are into this kind of stuff- and I mean, I... ugh..."

She felt her face getting hot, her eyes watery, her teeth gritting, and so on and so forth. In a burst of confidence, she dashed out of the stall, and began running. And she certainly ran, and ran, and ran... She sprinted through the hallways, with a persistence that would put Forrest Gump to shame. She got out of the building, then out of the campus. She was focused on running, and imposed a sort of tunnel vision on herself, so she had no idea if people were looking at her. Either way, she took the first bus, which was luckily mostly empty.

She sat on a park bench, thinking about the events that had just transpired. Maybe it wasn't a good idea to sit in public with pissed in pants, but she was too exhausted from all the running to care. She then felt a sting in her bladder, she had to pee again.

"Why? Why does it have to be me? The girl who's always pissing herself, who can't hold it in who... ugh... Out of 8 billion people it had to be me, I just wish I could... I don't know, control it." She thought. A girl was jogging by: great, yet another person who saw her in her wet pants.

She felt another sting in her bladder. Enough was enough, her jeans were soaked anyways, no point trying to hold it. So she let it out, but it didn't come out "The fuck?" Then she heard liquid splashing on the concrete path. She raised her head, the girl in front of her was... pissing herself? "Huh? What?! I-" When Jade gave her bladder the signal to let loose, the jogger wet herself, and when she stopped, the jogger stopped too. Not only that, Jade wasn't pissing at all, but she felt her bladder emptying nonetheless.

Did she just get... bladder control superpowers? Bladderkynesis? She started focusing, she wanted to figure out whether she just got supernatural abilities or she was just going crazy. She thought about filling up her own bladder, she concentrated and she felt it. It was filling up. "This makes no fucking sense whatsoever." She said to herself. She then concentrated on something else, she wanted to transfer the contents of her bladder to the jogger, and so it happened, she felt her own bladder emptying up and... somehow she could feel the jogger's bladder filling up. "Oh god that's a weird feeling." It indeed was weird, somehow sensing something that is happening to someone else's body.

Jade got up and started walking away, feeling somewhat bad for the girl whom she just made piss her pants. "Well, I guess my bladder problems are solved, and the solution came free with serious doubts about existence and the laws of physics." she thought.

She was finally free, no more pissing herself, no more desperate runs for the bathroom, no more being made fun of. She didn't know who gave her these weird powers, or why, but she was going to make use of them. And she was going to start doing so immediately, after all, how could she figure out how to control them without actually utilizing them?

*005*2025-02-13 01:38

"On second thought, I should probably go home." Jade thought. She was starting to grow embarrassed about walking out in the open with soaked pants. The cold breeze brought on by the evening wasn't helping, the warmth in her jeans had long faded by then and they clung uncomfortably to her skin. As she kept strolling through the pathways, in search of the right person to test her powers on, she felt the stares from strangers in the park weigh down on her like boulders.

"Okay fuck this, I'm leaving." She quickly walked out of the park and got in a bus. She sat down in the back, hoping not to get stared at like it had happened at the park.

After a short ride she got out and walked the rest of the way to the apartment building in which she lived. She opted to go up the stairs instead of taking the elevator. That was an unusual choice on her part, as before she got her powers she'd always come home with a bursting bladder. "Damn, these stairs are steep, now I know why I always take the lift."

She got to the second floor and headed to her apartment, when she saw her neighbour. "Fuck that's- I forgot she lived so close." Her neighbour was Amy, her former high school bully. "No way I'm this lucky." She had been looking for someone to use her powers on for an hour or two, and just as she gave up and went home, the perfect test subject manifested herself.

Just as she thought of approaching Amy, she remembered her own predicament. Her pants were still visibly stained, saturated with piss, she didn't really want her high school bully to see her like that. Amy was in front of her apartment door, looking through her wallet. "What is she looking for? Wait... is she locked out of her apartment?" If her guess was correct, that bought Jade some time. She could go home, change her clothes, and come back to find Amy still there.

And so she did. She rushed into her apartment, then in her bedroom, she opened the wardrobe and took the first pair of sweatpants she found. She quickly pulled her jeans off, which required some force as the piss had turned them sticky. After putting the sweatpants on, she rushed out of her bedroom, then out of her apartment, hoping that Amy was still in the hall.

"Thank god, I was quick enough." Amy was still in front of her apartment door, looking through her wallet, pockets, everything she could muster. Jade leaned on her door frame, then she began thinking "Okay so, she must be looking for her keys. I can sense her bladder is pretty empty, I can fix that right up."

"Where the fuck did I put my keys!?" Amy thought. She had a long day, and she just wanted to go home and relax. But she could not find her keys. She looked through her pockets, her wallet, her purse, she was out of ideas. She decided to double check everything, in the hopes of finding them, when a feeling hit her at the worst possible time: her bladder was full. "No, no, no- what the hell? I didn't have to piss at all and then all of a sudden I'm bursting?"

She grabbed her crotch. Her belt was pressing on her bladder, worsening her plight, the tightness of her jeans wasn't helping. But what was she gonna do, take her belt off in the middle of the hall? She felt a painful sting in her abdomen, then warmness in her panties. She was panicking, looking through her wallet again, having to grip her crotch with one hand was making the task very hard. Another gush of piss spurted out, wetting her underwear yet again. She tightened the hold on her crotch "No, no, no, no... this can't be happening..."

Jade was smiling from across the hall. "Well deserved, you bitch." She could feel Amy's bladder slowly giving out, in that moment she couldn't have been happier about having her powers. Seeing Amy fidget with her wallet and grab her crotch wasn't only giving her smug satisfaction, it was also... kind of turning her on. She shook away the thought "Nah, no way I'm getting off to that, right? Whatever, time to give her the coup de grâce."

Suddenly Amy felt her crotch getting warmer. "Just another leak, r-right?" Wrong. It did not stop growing warm, the warmness spread to her thighs and flowed down her legs. She looked down. There was a huge, glistening, dark patch on her jeans, and it was expanding steadily. She could not control the flow at all, the piss just came out like a waterfall. It got in her shoes, soaking her socks and pooling at her feet. Some of it sprayed down on the floor from her crotch, without going down her legs first. She was frozen in place, unable to move, as the puddle on the floor and the soaking wet stain on her pants both grew in size.

"Wow. Maybe I'm going a little overboard, she's going to flood the building at this rate." Jade was enjoying the sight, and so she made sure to keep materializing piss in Amy's bladder. As the puddle grew enough to hit Amy's front door, Jade decided she had enough fun and stopped using her powers. She gazed upon her work, her masterpiece. "This feels good in so many different ways." However, she was not done, she had yet to deal the final blow.

She began walking towards Amy, making sure to stay out of the puddle. As Amy heard the footsteps, she turned around, her face bent to form an horrified expression.

- "Hey Amy." Jade said, she had a smug smirk on her face.

- "Hey... Jade."

- "Slippery situation there, eh?" Although the joke was terrible, due to her predicament Amy couldn't point it out, instead she stood there in an awkward silence.

Amy looked down at the floor, humiliated. "Not only did I piss myself, she's being a bitch about it."

- "Well I guess I'll leave you to... whatever you're up to, see you around." Jade walked back to her apartment, feeling happy and relieved as ever. Though, she was kind of worried, like she could sense a bad omen. "I hope I did not just use up all my luck in one day." That day had been just too good, too good to be true. She had gotten superpowers and humiliated her high school bully, a power fantasy becoming reality.

"Whatever, no point in worrying about what comes next, I'll just enjoy the present."

(i already wrote a part 2 before this, but i guess it bugged out and disappeared when i hit the post button. if it somehow does pop back into reality i'll delete it as i did not like how it turned out and prefer this one)

*007*2025-04-04 23:59

"There have been several reports of mysterious home invasions and disappearances in the Fairwater County area. A perpetrator has yet to be pinpointed, however due to the frequency of these happenings authorities believe there might be multiple accomplices..." Jade sat on the couch in her living room, watching TV. The windows were closed and it was night outside, which made the environment pitch black, except for the light coming from the television, which brightly lit up her face.

"Oh shit, people are getting kidnapped around here?" Jade shifted uncomfortably on the couch, looking around the room. "W-what if someone comes for me too?" She felt a pit in her stomach. She was sweating profusely and slightly shaking: the county was pretty small, if these home invasions were as numerous as the news purported them to be there was a solid chance she'd be the next victim. She felt a sharp twinge in her bladder: nervousness made her need to pee increase. She got up to go to the bathroom, threading carefully as if walking on eggshells. Then she heard the sound of glass breaking and loud thumping on the other side of the house. She went pale and sprinted to the the restroom. A gush of pee escaped her, creating a small, wet patch on her pants, but she managed to regain control and hold it. She ran as she never had before, even faster then the time she wet herself at her college. "I live at the 2nd floor, how the fuck did someone break into my house?!".

Jade launched herself into the bathroom and shut the door. She frantically scrambled with the key to lock it as she heard footsteps approaching her, crossing and uncrossing her legs, desperately trying not to piss herself. After she locked herself in she started walking backwards towards the bathroom window. She was backed up to a wall, or well, a window, with no possible way of escaping. She looked down, through the glass pane: she could attempt to jump. "I-I mean whatever's in my home ain't a human, no human can climb to the 2nd floor and j-just break in like that, I'll end up with some broken bones b-but at least-"

Loud knocking on the bathroom door interrupted her train of thought. She spun her head towards the source of the sound, feeling another sting in her lower abdomen and clenching her shaky thighs together. The knocking stopped, then it resumed, even louder. She had a hard time standing up, her legs were wobbly and gelatinous due to the terror of what lied beyond the door and her need to piss. Her bladder stung, there was a short hissing sound as a strong spurt of pee came out. She immediately clenched her urethra shut. Her needs overwhelmed her again, more piss burst out and splashed on the floor, the wet patch on her groin expanded little by little, glistening a bit more each time she leaked. Her hands raced to her crotch. She gripped it tightly, as the knocking got faster and louder.

Then came the last knock, as a pale, lanky hand with thin fingers broke through the door. Jade screamed, then she felt her crotch growing warm, however, she was too terrified to care. She collapsed, now sitting on the ground, as her bladder kept releasing itself into her panties and sweatpants, flooding both of them and creating a dark, shiny patch, and then a puddle. She had no control whatsoever, piss kept flowing out of her urethra and soaking through her pants. "G-get away! Get away! Get-"

"AWA-y...!" Jade jolted up in her bed. She looked around, letting out a sigh of relief as she realized it was all just a bad nightmare. What she was less relieved about, however, was the fact that pee was still gushing out of her and onto her mattress. She gripped her crotch and made a run for the bathroom, spraying piss on the floor as she sprinted. She lounged into the restroom and sat on the toilet without even pulling her pants down. She let out the rest of the her bladder's contents, which soaked through her panties, then her pyjamas, and turned into a stream which loudly splashed into the toilet water. The flow eventually subsided as the last few drops came out, leaving the fabric covering her crotch dark, sticky and glistening.

Jade walked back into the bedroom, looking shamefully at the damp stain on her pyjama pants and bed. "I'm an adult- how the hell am I wetting the bed now?! Maybe it's got to do something with the powers or whatever? Goddamn..."

No time to think about that though, she'd find out soon enough if it was just a one off incident, for now, she was more concerned with cleaning up her mess.
