Vaine, Goddess of Death, Sexual/Peeing Adventures Throughout the Multiverse (Insanely Long Story) - Page 3

Author: Vaine Steele

*050*2023-06-07 00:34

{{4 hours ago, orangelion said:

Awesome new chapter! There was a lot of pee, but it still progressed the story a little and we got to know Eris a bit more. I also like the picture of Sorcha and Vaine cuddling together despite it's lower quality. It's clever that you excuse the lower quality by saying making it a Polaroid photo.

}}

Glad you liked it and yeah much pee. I love the photo as well.

{{4 hours ago, orangelion said:

One minor nitpick though. It may true that the average woman can hold is 500 mL of pee, but there are porn videos of some peeing 1.5 Liters and there is even a report of one women who held 2 Liters while trapped under rubble, but there is obviously no video evidence of that. So it isn't really possible to pee for multiple minutes with only 900mL of pee and it isn't superhuman to hold that amount. Lastly if Sorcha and Vaine held all day they would have more than 900mL in their bladders, unless they were dehydrated. I suggest to change their capacities to 3 to 4 liters to make these feats more believable.

}}

Yeah I may have been a bit off with that lol. I didn't want the number to be obnoxious though like they had pregnant bladder bellies. I guess I could have made an explanation that the ability "concentrates" or "shrinks" their urine down at the atomic level and it returns to normal once it exits their bladders but I didn't do that either. I do strive for accuracy and realism in my story but for Vaine's hyperwetting, that's just me enjoying her pissing too much xD

Probably an easier solution to this is just for me to edit in a couple paragraphs of an explanation but we'll see, I don't tend to get into specific amounts with the exact volumes of urine too much in the future but yeah.

###

Aww hell yeah Page 3 now woohoo.

*055*2023-06-07 01:33

Decent idea and one I didn't actually think of lol.

Chapter 12 will have... some different kind of pee training so hmm maybe a higher capacity building session could be a part of that.

*056*2023-06-08 05:56

Edited the chapter so that Vaine says they can hold 3L of urine in their bladders now. Gonna resume work on chapter 12 tomorrow.

*057*2023-07-19 03:15

Chapter 12: Living With These Changes

I rub my large squatting derriere. My butt hurts. Why is it so damn sore? Oh that's right.

"I'm John Smith." A middle-aged fair skinned man talks to me and for some reason I understand his language. Disney movie logic I guess. "What's your name?"

"Pisscunthontas." I say aloud to the world as the gun I'm trying to poop out finally evicts itself from my asshole and lands in my hands for some reason.

I shoot John in his big dumb bitch-ass face and his entire body explodes into a billion pieces, leaving nothing but a crimson sea of blood behind. I'm pulled into the red current created by the tsunami and carried by the nearby river as I remember an old boring lecture I once heard in high school.

"Does anyone know when Red Room, Harmony in Red, by Henri Matisse was painted? Come on we went over this last week you dumb fucks. Anyone?" A scrubby and disgusting old rotten chunk of a teacher scans the classroom with his squinty eyes for any takers.

"Princess Pisscunthontas," He points at me with his rancid shriveled bony finger. "Surely you remember?"

"Uhh... uhm..." I struggle to think straight. Why's my brain no worky... "2008?"

"Congratulations!" The crumply crumperton from Hammonsville speakth. "You were exactly one century off! Way to go!"

... I don't even know what's happening anymore. Where am I? Is that a giant mushroom cloud in the distance? Who's the hairy monkey with the top hat holding an axe? Oh right that's Aperaham Lincoln when he fought off those vampires in Fresno and killed their leader with a nuke. That was a great day for America.

Later on I'm looking at a butthole painting in some anal museum and I'm analyzing it, heh, like some kinda art critic while stroking my chin.

"Hmm... needs more contrast between the rim and the asscrack hair." I ponder aloud.

I'm suddenly naked, my nipples are different colors for some reason, one's purple the other is green. Huh. Neat. Am I on drugs? I must be on drugs... that explains it. Either that or... am I dreaming or dead?

Hmm.

Last night I was...

Ah yes. I had that dream again. The same nightmare I've had thousands of times before where the universe changes in weird ways until eventually everyone is a furry.

It started out with me in my usual spot sitting on the toilet at 4:22 AM trying to take a shit which was- Wait no I don't poop anymore gah my brain.

I've gotta wake up this is too strange. But how? Hmm. Nope pinching my nipples doesn't work. I can't feel them anyway so yeah I must be asleep. Why haven't I awoken yet? Aren't anthros supposed to wake up when they realize they're sleeping?

Maybe if I try to urinate I can-

~~Saturday November 1st, 2008~~

Wake up. Huh. Well I'm wetting the bed so I guess it worked. Ahhh... sweet morning relief. I already smell like Sorcha and Axel's piss anyway, their scents are way stronger than mine so adding my fresh urine here shouldn't make much difference. I stretch my naked body as I try to not wake Sorcha up. The hotel clock says 6:19am anyway, nice. She'll have a little over half an hour left to sleep assuming I don't wake her.

Either way that was a messed up dream huh? So strange and vivid. Maybe there was something in the lube that I was dosed with or something who knows. Yay drugs!

After about twenty more seconds I stop peeing, not much in the tank after all. I quietly get off of the stinky sheets and make my way to the hotel bathroom. I drink some water as I take my daily soul power pill that was on the counter. Much better. I hop in the shower and begin the long process of washing off the sexual scents from last night, which was amazing by the way. I'm getting horny again just thinking about it, I wish Sorcha would hump my pissing pussy more often.

But alas we can't always get what we want. Since I have some time while I'm slathering up my boobs and ass I guess I can talk to ya'll about my current skills. Was going to do so in the last chapter but that angry piss argument with Eris went on way too long. Fourth wall break quota met now time to move on.

Acidic Urine Level 9: Allows one to urinate out a strong acidic liquid from their body. User is immune to their own urine but not to general acid.

Cold Resistance Level 1: Provides a very basic amount of cold resistance.

Crimson Lightning Level 8: Allows one to emit strong red lightning from their palms for a variety of offensive uses.

Digestive System Rework Level 3: Converts solid waste into liquid urine. Does not effect gas. Makes intestines smaller. Increases urination rate by 200%.

Fire Immunity: Immune to fire.

Iron Bladder Level 5: Provides a fairly superanthro amount of bladder space. Bladder Capacity: 3L.

Regeneration Level 5: Provides an average amount of core body regeneration. Does not nullify pain.

Quick Reflexes Level 9: Provides a fairly high amount of above-average dexterity.

Shock Immunity: Immune to electricity.

Soul Energy Resistance Level 7: Provides a fairly decent amount of resistance to the negative effects of soul consumption.

Thick Skin Level 1: Provides a very basic amount of defense. Nullifies pain very slightly.

Toxic Flatulence Level 2: Turns expelled anal gas into a weak poisonous gas.

Stored Soul Power(SP): 58619.33

Not sure what all has changed since you've last seen the list but yeah, I have my offensive pissing ability now! Yay! I haven't used it yet... it's been off since I got it a couple days ago with about twelve day's worth of soul pills but hey I'll test it out sometime. But yeah I legit cannot wait until I can kill The Creators enemies with my pee, it's now become one of those long term life goals. Mine just happen to be stupidly silly.

Anyway, my AI core told me that the acidic urine ability is tuned to my specific DNA, so that it doesn't melt me from the inside out when I use it. It also doesn't burn me when coming out or if it happens to splatter on my fur or skin, which is nice. I have no acid resistances by the way so if someone enemy were to have an acidic ability of some sort in the future I'd have to be careful.

But yeah as I said I can't wait to try it out. Not sure quite when I'll get the opportunity. But yeah now I'm just going to focus on my primary lightning ability and get that to be super powerful, then I will be the ultimate edgelord!

Ahem.

Sorcha enters the shower with me when I'm only halfway done with washing myself, so we help each other in that regard as we tease each other with our soft fingers all the while. I asked her if the lube was drugged with something and she just looked at me with what I like to call her 'cute and confused' face. I then explained my weird dream to her, part of it anyway and she simply smiled and nodded.

"When one has a life altering moment, like say the best sex of your life so far." Sorcha begins. "It can kind of do funky things to the brain, that's probably why your dream was so wild if I were to make an educated guess. I'm no doctor though."

"Nah we both know that Dr. Cock is the only one we need." I quip back and we smile at each other and kiss.

After we're both squeaky clean we get out of the shower and dry ourselves off. I'm about to call a Theta Sentinel to bring me my training clothes when...

"You going to finally go all natural today with me hun?" Sorcha bats her eyes seductively at me as she does on a nearly daily basis.

"You know I can't..." I say with embarrassment as I do so every time she asks for some reason.

Normally she leaves the brief nudist discussion there... but today she replies with-

"Why?" Sorcha touches my shoulder softly. "I don't mean to be rude dear but everyone here except for Toshia has seen your cute pussy by this point. What have you got to hide? Unless you don't want Toshia to see you like that, I'd understand but... your beauty is something you should be most proud of."

I smile at her warmly.

"You're horny as fuck this morning aren't you?" I tease as I touch her privates softly, bringing my fingers around her labia in a V shape for a couple of seconds. "You're so wet."

She laughs and holds back a moan as I stop touching her. "You caught me red-handed Vaine, I'm so turned on right now it's crazy. Last night was honestly so great. Before I met you... I had no idea how invigorating pissing would feel during sex."

"So much vulgar words coming from you." I tease her more with a goofy grin.

She simply laughs at that. "You're probably right, it's probably your evil rock star influence that's cast a spell on me."

"Haha." I laugh back at her. "We should probably be going soon... so... lemme think about this for a few minutes."

"Of course hun." Sorcha squeezes my buttcheek before she moves to the bathroom door. "I'll get us some fruit that we can eat before we head on our way."

Ahh... you're not the only one still horny from last night babe. Still, I'm thinking alot more about what she said than I ever have in the past. Nevertheless, the last time I made a hasty new decision I ended up pissing on the floor in front of Eris for five minutes, that was fun. Obviously it was a bad choice looking back on it now but I can't deny I enjoyed it at the time.

So now I'm faced with yet another fairly major personal decision, far more important than urinating on some carpet, shocking I know. But yeah me being a nudist would be hot for those around me of course and I'd enjoy the attention. But would I be too embarrassed or too aroused to train properly if I did that? Could I actually function normally in day to day life... without clothing?

...

Yeah... I don't think I could, least not right now. I mean true I'm naked around Sorcha almost all of the time but it'd be far to tempting for me to masturbate during training if my pussy was constantly getting attention from other horny eyes constantly. I'd resist sure but I think my training would suffer greatly in quality as a result. Believe me I'd love nothing more than to be a nudist with Sorcha all of the time... but I have a duty to uphold and personal goals for myself. I think... on Friday's... I'll gladly be nude with my girlfriend no matter where we are. But for training days, which is most of the time, I feel like I have no choice but to cover up.

I look at myself again in the mirror and take a deep breath. I trace my fingers across my muscles, feeling every curve of my athletic body. I wish I could show this off but uh yeah I'd totally be too distracted all of the time. I let out a deep sigh and relax, only now just noticing how tight my anus got from thinking about this too hard as I scratch an itchy patch of fur near it.

Ehh, whatever, I made a new decision anyways. We'll just have our naked fun on our days off, not much of a reason to wear anything then after all. I can't wait to find out where we'll have our first full 24-hour date honestly, so many places to fuck so little time.

Sorcha is there sitting on the bed, eating some strawberries. I join her and we eat and giggle like little school girls as we enjoy our light breakfast. My clothes come in shortly thereafter as I explain everything to her as clearly as I can.

"As long as I can enjoy your full glorious self on our days off that's fine with me hun." Sorcha coos.

"Of course, I'm looking forward to it." I smile as I put on my plain sports bra.

Sorcha doesn't need to help me get dressed of course... but she insists anyway when she grabs my bland white panties and sticks my leg in each side, one at a time.

"What're you my mother?" I tease her with words as she's clearly getting sexually heated from just this alone.

"You've grown up so quickly..." She laughs as she forces my undies up around my buttcheeks, nearly giving me a wedgie. Probably intentionally but you know.

Damn. Horny isn't even a strong enough word to describe Sorcha right now. She's just... insatiable. We finish our breakfast in a way too sexual manner before we make our way outside of the hotel room and into one of the megastructure's vast hallways. For some reason the air out here feels... different somehow. It's probably nothing, just my pee brain talking.

We enter a transport pod together, she doesn't let go of my hand as we sit down and I just ogle at her tits like the pervert I am, her overwhelming arousal is radiating all over me it seems. We begin to make out softly, nothing that'll lead to serious sex or anything but we're both way too jittery this morning to just sit idle as the pod takes off.

Ahh, foreplay.

But yeah... Sorcha's tongue intermingled with mine is all I can focus on right now. Her lips taste sweet and are addictive. I blame the strawberries... and my libido for that. I squeeze her right breast softly and tease her nipples with the softer edges of my clawed fingertips and she seems to enjoy the attention.

She pulls away from my mouth and takes a deep seductive breath. "I think we ought to slow down hon, save our... ravenous energy for tonight."

When my mind snaps back to reality, I notice that the transporter isn't going to the usual gym. Instead, we're almost at the outer edges of the megastructure.

"What's going on?" I ask the AI pilot in the pod. "Where're we going?"

"To the new training area, Father will meet you all there." The AI chirps back in a monotone voice. "This ride will be about five minutes long, we apologize for the inconvenience."

"We're leaving the megastructure..." Sorcha says with awe as she looks out the window.

I squish my cheek up against hers and look out the narrow circular window as we see the outside world again. It's been 198 days or almost six in a half months since we became Reapers. The passage of time hasn't been kind to the city it seems.

I dunno what else I expected, without anthros to maintain the city, the arid summer this year must have killed off most of the plants. The once nutrient rich soil has completely dried out and spread across the urban area like a plague. There's still some life outside of the city of course... but with nature left to take its course, this area will probably be completely transformed into a mostly barren mesa within the next thirty to fifty years.

Within like fifteen seconds, Dallas is completely over the horizon and not visible anymore. It doesn't take long for us to enter the west side of Texas, where the dry mesa turns to desert and the biome completely changes. When I stop looking outside and turn my attention to Sorcha again, I notice that she's still hot and bothered, pressing her legs together tightly as she tries to resist squirming in her seat. Despite insisting that we stop our makeout session... her body clearly wants to cum.

"Well the pilot did say we have five minutes before we land." I say seductively as I get down onto my knees in the middle of the pod. "I guess I'll have to... take care of you."

Sorcha tries to object but I assert my dominance for once and pull her legs apart with both my hands holding onto her knees. Her succulent yellow pussy is dripping wet and is calling to me.

"What're you- AHHHHH fuck!" Sorcha doesn't even get the entire sentence out before she screams with pleasure as I plant my face in between her legs and begin to lick her clitoris furiously.

She grabs onto my head, claws digging into my scalp as she grinds her crotch on my mouth. She's obviously not trying to stop me anymore. The taste of her pussy is so sweet, my heart races and I feel a bit light headed. I want her to know how fucking hot she is. I shove my tongue deeper into her slit, enjoying the feeling of her sopping cunt pressed against my nose.

"Ohh... god Vaine..." Sorcha pants and whimpers in delight. "Yes yes... oh fuck..."

I can barely breathe thanks to how deeply she's forcing my jaw into her honeypot... but she's too fucking sexy for me to care right now. Her cunt is swollen and I know exactly where to eat her out. I move my mouth down from her labia to her anal rim and give both of her holes a nice long lick. Sorcha jerks her head back as she nearly jumps off the seat, clearly jolted by my sudden and brief rimjob. I use my thumbs to spread her vaginal lips as I begin to devour her pussy once again.

"Fuck Vaine! Fuck..." Sorcha moans loudly, not caring at all for how much noise she's making right now. "Don't stop... I'm so close!"

I tease her cunt continuously with my tongue for about ten more seconds as she cries out in orgasmic bliss and sprays girlcum all over my face. She's totally lost in her lust right now. She pulls my hair out of the way so she can see my face and then looks me in the eyes as I clean the juices off of my lips and chin.

"You... are amazing..." Sorcha pants. "Oh fuck... oh wow..."

I pull my face away from her privates and give her one final lick.

"You're so sexy." I say back to her with a wink. "So perfect."

We then just cuddle in the pod for a few more minutes as Sorcha's body finally starts to calm down before we reach our destination. What we see when we land though is rather surprising to say the least.

It's... a massive circular... nature preserve? What? Ok lemme see if I can put this into words. We land on the outer edge of the metallic wall, more specifically well, the landing pad attached to said wall. On the exterior side of it is what you'd expect, just seemingly endless desert, I have no idea where we are. Near where Las Vegas used to be maybe?

Yeah. Somewhere in Nevada. If even one of you readers get that reference good job you earned a free headpat from me.

Anyway, on the inside however, underneath a massive glass dome there's a vast jungle filled with diverse undergrowth, trees and everything else you'd expect. Since we're basically on the ramparts of the wall we can almost see the entire thing. I don't see any birds or any other animals in the trees though but they may just be hard to spot from this viewing angle.

There's already several other transport pods on the loading dock with us, so I guess most if not all of the other Reapers are already here. I see dozens of Sentinels zooming around every which way through the air but I assume there's hundreds here.

I feel Sorcha squeeze my hand softly before we exit the transporter as I make sure that I've cleaned up all the girlcum out of my hair and the pod door opens up with a hiss. We're greeted to warm and arid air a couple of seconds later. As we step outside, I don't hear what I expected to. It's dead silent, I guess we can't hear anything because of the glass dome, durr.

I also just realized this is the first time we've been outside since the end of July. Some large rooms in the megastructure mimicked being outdoors of course but the real deal feels quite different. My body... more specifically my aching pussy is just being more sensitive than usual today, probably my own fault for eating Sorcha out I guess. My panties are probably damp as fuck right now.

Regardless, I feel like I'm on a movie set when we walk out onto the massive loading dock, it doesn't even feel real and yet here it is right in front of us. No matter how much I see of Father's architectural designs it still fills me with wonder at the scale of it all. We step onto a platform and are lowered by an automatic elevator at the end of the landing pad and go inside the new facility once we're down most of the way.

Sure enough, everyone else is already here, Father included. He's standing on a podium once again, clearly ready to give another speech. He's wearing a shiny purple suit today, which makes him look like some sort of flashy game show host or something. Which audience he getting all dressed up for anyway?

"Good, you're all here, now I can get down to explaining the new training method that will be established as of today." Father smiles at everyone warmly as Sorcha and I walk up and stand beside everyone else.

"Throughout the past three months, you've spent time training the core of your physicality to new heights. Your skills have improved massively and that has given me the confidence that you are ready to tackle your next stage of growth, you should all be very proud."

Father looks to the left and then to the right, making eye contact with each of us as he says those words.

"Nevertheless, we are just getting started. Your path to more power is in front of you. You've strengthened your bodies and learned the basics of your weapons of choice, but now you must train in survival and actual combat."

Wait... so we'll be fighting... inside the jungle that Father has created? That's pretty nutty.

"For the first month of this, your foes will be simple creatures that represent the wildlife of various planets that you may encounter. Obviously this is only going to be a very thin slice of what you could possibly face in the galaxy but we must make due with the time that we have. During your second month in the biodome you will engage in combat with various sentient creatures, each with various levels of primitive weaponry that they will use against you. Lastly, during the third month you will encounter advanced alien races with decent combat skill and high technological advancement."

That was a lot of info to take in a short amount of time. Ok. phew... deep breaths V.

"Of course, all of your simulated enemies inside the arena will be Sentinels with organic shells." Father drones on. "They're all programmed to not target your cores under any circumstances so the risk to your life is zero. Like all Sentinels they're built from materials that nullify alchemy, so you won't be able to use that ability offensively. Inside the dome you'll have access to all of your powers except for one. You won't regenerate."

Oh shit.

"Each, round shall we call it, there will usually be fifty to a hundred enemies in the interior zone. These rounds will end either when you've destroyed all of your foes... or all of you are incapacitated and otherwise unable to fight. When they end, you'll take a five minute break so I can reset the arena and it'll give you time to reflect on what you all did right or wrong and improve from there."

So we're gonna "die" over and over again? Sounds like a pain in the ass... and not the fucky kind.

"For the first week, you'll be facing variations of predatory wildlife that you could possibly find on Earth. Beyond that though, each day will simulate a different planet along with different flora, fauna and varying degrees of gravity and oxygen, along with many other dangers that you may face out there."

Damn so like... it won't always be a jungle? That blows my mind even more.

"In the arena, anything goes. You may team up with your fellow Reapers or you may fight alone, the choice is yours. Your training in here will not always be about combat, sometimes it may just be learning about how to survive a harsh environment. This is rather obvious but I must reiterate, don't attempt to use your powers on each other. I understand that you may accidently hurt each other in the heat of a moment during an intense battle... but any intentional harming of your fellow brothers or sisters will not be tolerated."

Ugh. Another jab directed entirely at me. I'm offended.

"Lastly, remember that this isn't a competition. Everyone will progress at different rates. Above all else, focusing on improving one's self during this new training method and you will be fine." Father concludes his speech with a nod. "The first round will start in five minutes, please take that time to ask the Theta Sentinels what weapons and gear you would like to take with you before then."

Well then... guess today wouldn't have been a good day for me to be a full on nudist anyways. Guess I kinda dodged a bullet there. Anyway, Father steps away from his miniature stage and we all begin to disperse as Theta Sentinels lead each of us to a small room.

It's a small rectangular room made of some kind of silver-colored metal that only has three, well technically four things in it. Two simple benches, a locker with my compacted scythe inside and a fridge full of energy drinks, protein shakes and bottled water. Yummy.

I drop my gray yoga pants to my feet and dump them into the locker. Then, I order a Theta to make me a jungle camo jacket and and leggings, along with some sorta combat boots. I gulp down half of a mostly unpleasant energy drink called 'Blue Moonlight' before my clothes are ready. I slip on the military pants over my plain white panty covered ass and wear the jacket over my tank top. I put my bare feet into the steel toed brown combat boots, should probably have worn socks today but whatever.

I pull my scythe out of the oversized locker and give it a few casual practice swings. Eyup, this is mine alright. Crazy how accurately it can be duplicated by alchemy. These Sentinels are uhh, still better than me at it.

Regardless after only a couple minutes, the far side of the room opens up into a cylindrical pod of some sort, mostly made of glass. I can see the manufactured jungle from here. I'm instructed to step inside, so I do. The sliding door seals itself shut and I just take a moment to let it all in.

"Stand still for teleportation commencing in five seconds." I hear a computerized voice say.

Wait what?!

Within seemingly the next instant I hear a loud ringing noise and see a blindingly strong flash. When my eyes adjust I'm already in the jungle, in some random part of it I guess.

"Good luck." I hear Father's voice boom loudly throughout the arena and yet it also sounds as if he is right in front of me. Strange but ok.

On the interior of the glass dome there's a counter that show's how many creatures are left to kill... and a list of our names and faces with a number beside each one. Let's see... sixty one creatures- nope fifty nine creatures and Jason's number on the scoreboard went up to two.

Father says this isn't a competition right? Sure as hell feels like one right now. Dammit Vaine, focus girl. Analyze your environment and then work on hunting those... fake creatures... I don't actually know what we're killing yet.

Regardless, I pull my scythe away from my back and look around the small clearing I'm in. There're no animals or anything that I can see, just tall trees, grass and plants. It's oddly quiet for some reason, there's no bugs humming or birds chirping so it's uhh, rather eerie if I'm being honest. I think I'm alone but... my instincts are telling me that something is off.

I walk around aimlessly for a minute or two, I have no idea where I am going afterall. Not that there's anywhere to go. I equip my scythe in an offensive stance and just keep moving forward, maybe I can find a river or something. Now that I think about it I should have brought a backpack full of some like basic survival gear and shit but I should be fine. We'll only be in here for six hours after all so it shouldn't matter... right?

I'm so distracted by my thoughts that I almost fall flat on my face when I step onto a fallen tree trunk that just so happens to allow passage over a small chasm. I'm so surprised by the sudden fact that I almost fell down a cliff that my brain is jolted back into focus mode. Ok lemme get my bearings for a second. Damn that's quite a long way down.

I step down onto the other side of the gap... and hear rustling from some bushes in front of me. Before I can even react, a large snake pops out of the greenery and slithers its way towards me rather quickly. It's a good eight or nine feet long and it's green and black scales are glinting in the sunlight. It opens its mouth wide, revealing two rows of razor sharp fangs as it lunges towards my legs.

I reflexively take a couple steps back... only to realize that there's nothing there but a pit as I step out onto nothing. I don't even have time to scream as the snake hisses at me and I fall backwards towards the crevice. Somehow, I manage to grab onto the side of the half-rotten log bridge and dig my claws into it. The force of the impact causes my scythe to slip from my other hand and clatter loudly and repeatedly down into the chasm below. I think I dislocated my shoulder as well, my entire left arm is burning with pain.

The snake is still hissing profusely at me as it coils up for another strike.

"Eat this you fuckface!" I yell out a corny hollywood action movie line as I extend my free right hand in front of me and concentrate my power into my fingertips.

Within half a second the snake attempts to bite me again but it flies directly into a bolt of searing red lightning and shrieks out in pain as gravity carries it down into the abyss below. I breathe a sigh of relief as I'm somehow still holding tightly onto the mossy trunk with my injured arm. I cry out in pain as I reach my good limb over and pull myself up to ground level with it. I continue to breathe deeply as I stand up and try to take a moment to relax.

I hope that bastard is dead. I look up at the sky towards the scoreboard and surely enough there's a 1 next to my kill counter. Good. Ahhh... fuck my arm hurts so badly. As I said, pretty positive my shoulder is out of its socket right now. I try to look up online how to fix it but there's no wi-fi here... guess Father disabled it in the arena. Makes sense I guess, we won't have internet on any primal worlds we accidently end up on either. But god dammit what do I do? I've barely been in here for ten minutes and I'd rather not go on for well over five hours in pretty bad pain.

As these thoughts are going through my head... I feel a sharp pain on my left asscheek and not the fun kind. I turn around and only then do I notice that a second snake has latched onto my butt. I cry out in both revulsion and shock as I remove my ass from the snake's mouth by jogging a few feet away. I turn around and try to build up enough power to short circuit this animalistic cunt Sentinel but it's moving too quickly. It's already moving in to strike me again.

'This is it, the round is done, I'm gonna either succumb to bloodloss or venom and lose consciousness either way. Way to fail V.'

Just when I think it's over, I hear a loud ringing noise and within the next split second a giant flying hammer slams into the snake's head and causes it to explode in a fiery mess of surface flesh gore and robotic skeleton innards. I fall flat on my booty and wince from the pain of both my arm and rearend. I stop putting pressure on my left arm rather quickly as doing so is making the agony much worse.

It's only then when I see the hovering hammer fly back to its owner and lands in his hand with a "thwunk" sound effect. Look I don't know ok? It just sounds cool. It's Toshia by the way.

Damn he be looking sexy in that military uniform. Gah ow. Shut up ok? My sexual thoughts keep me from focusing on the pain.

"You look like shit." He makes an offhanded sarcastic remark at me as he smiles and wipes the viscera off of his weapon with a large nearby leaf.

"Yeah well I... panicked and lost my scythe down the ravine." I grumble as I struggle to stand up with just one arm.

"Your arm... looks like it's fucked. Need help?" He says as he comes to within reaching distance of me as he puts his weapon away.

"Yeah I-" Is all I manage to blurt out before he takes my arm in both of his huge yet gentle hands and pops my shoulder back into place.

"Mother pancake fucker!" I howl loudly as my bones literally sound like they're crunched together like some kinda twisted haunted house display. God that fucking hurt almost as much as getting bit in the ass.

"Feel better?" Toshia asks with a half serious half joking tone.

"Yeah..." The screaming pain in my arm is now just a numbing ache like a really bad muscle cramp instead of like, I don't know... a nasty shit dump inside my shoulder. "Thanks."

"You're welcome." He responds with a smile. "I got here just in time to see that snake take a bite out of your heinie. That hurt as well I assume?"

"Of course it did dummy." I counter with a half-embarrassed expression. "The bitch ass just caught me off-guard is all."

"Ok, ok, I was only teasing." He laughs. "But seriously, I should take a look at it. Turn around and drop your pants."

"Really?" I respond half annoyed at my friend who just asked to see my butt so casually. "You should at least take me out to dinner first."

"Yeah you're totally the first anthro in the world to make that joke." Toshia retorts. "It's up to you but if you wanna be in less pain I suggest you let me treat the wound as best as I can."

He pulls a large backpack off of his, well back, and takes out a medkit.

"Your serious right now aren't you?" I reply with a coy attitude.

"Gotta practice on something if I'm to get good at patching up injuries. Your ass is just a good place as any to train on." Toshia replies in a lighthearted and yet mocking tone but I let it slide.

"Ahh... fine." I grumble as I finally give in.

I turn to face the other direction and unbutton my jungle camo pants and drop them just below my asscheeks, like I'm mooning him or something. It's really rather embarrassing I have to say.

He pulls some stuff out of the medkit I can't quite see what.

"Panties too Ms. V." He says seriously as he's once again within arms distance of me.

"Fucking really?" I scowl my eyes at him but he knows I'm not seriously annoyed. "You just want to see my asshole and pussy don't you?"

"We have an entire eternity for that V, just having full access to your buttcheek will make this go alot quicker." Toshia doesn't lose his serious expression.

Seriously the doctor roleplay from last night and now the actual kinda real doctor stuff now. What the fuck is my life?

I huff deeply as I pull my panties down and they wrap around my lower butt in about the same spot as my jungle camo pants. Now I really am mooning him. Within a few seconds I feel a sharp pin prick in my fatty flesh.

"Ow! Hey! The fuck was that?" I complain and bitch.

"Pain medication syringe. You should start feeling better in about five minutes and not be drowsy. I can't do anything about the venom but one bite won't incapacitate you." He explains like he knows what he's talking about.

"Can't you just give me antivenom?" I ask a silly question in hindsight.

"No." Is his cold and calculated response. "That's not how it works."

"I didn't know you ahh- knew about medicine." I feel a soft cotton ball rub one of the four bite marks on my butt, I assume there's sterilization liquid on it or something.

"My Ma wanted me to be a doctor, so I went to med school, only for a few years though." Toshia explains. "I've just learned off and on by myself since then."

"Makes ahh dammit- perfect sense." Yup. Second cotton ball dab. "I thought you were a forest ranger before... you know, the end."

"Indeed I was." He confirms what I already knew. "We haven't talked this much for a few weeks. Not since the-"

"Since the shark circus show?" I wince at the annoying pain but bear it. "I remember. That was... an awkward night when Axel and Sorcha just fucked for almost an hour in the otherwise empty audience seats while we chatted and watched the shitty live show, fully clothed I might add."

"Yeah... I just recall that and well, you being exhausted as hell." I can hear the sympathy in his voice.

I hear a loud rip behind me, I assume that he's opening up a large band-aid package or something. Gauze! That's what they call it. God V get it right.

"I find it amusing how it took me fixing up your ass to get us to have a conversation again." Toshia chuckles as he puts the gauze over my wound and tapes it down.

"Fuck off..." I laugh lightly at his dumb joke.

"As much as I'd love to look at your small cute butt all day I'm done, you can pull your panties back up." I hear him packing away whatever gear he took out that he wants to keep as I pull my undies back up.

"My ass isn't small..." I grumble again as I pull my pants up and button them together.

"Don't worry about it, you're still young. You'll have plenty of time to grow into a more... curvaceous woman like Sorcha." Toshia teases.

I couldn't deny that, she was thicker than me down there and more mature in both body and mind. I would be offended if I didn't agree with his statement but yeah Sorcha is a knockout for sure. I take a couple minutes to make myself the only weapon I know how to make, a half-hammer half-pick tool. It's not ideal for combat but it'll have to do for the rest of the round, since I lost my scythe like the dumdum I am.

"There's a river about a mile in a half to the northwest, we can head back there. From what I've seen so far the organic Sentinels are programmed to attack us and not hide so, we need to be ready for combat at anytime." Toshia informs me as he looks up at the scoreboard.

I glance at it too. Nineteen left. And damn Axel and Sorcha have red X's across their profile pictures on the scoreboard. Guess that means they're out of the round and just... waiting somewhere now, blacked out. Damn.

"Hope Sorcha didn't uhh 'die' too horribly. And I'm surprised about Axel, he's super strong I wouldn't have expected him to be knocked out." I kinda ramble on a bit.

"This training is brutal... but necessary. Sorcha will be fine and at the end of the day she'll have learned and improved, just like the rest of us." Toshia tries to assure me but my heart still feels heavy. "And as for Axel well, you never know what will happen in combat. That's why we're all here, to grow in our power and become unstoppable. If I had to guess, Axel is strong... but he's not very quick on his feet. If he got bit enough times it makes sense that he'd pass out from the venom in his system."

I simply nod along with his words as we continue to walk. I'm very thirsty for the first time since well... ever. Regeneration completely nullified that so with it being disabled for this training... yeah oof it sucks. Of course I felt thirsty before whenever my body suggested it'd be beneficial to drink but it was never a completely necessary thing. It was unpleasant yeah so we countered it by well, drinking properly.

Hail Hydrate.

But now, if I didn't drink I could pass out from dehydration and that would be bad if it happened in a real dangerous situation in the future. Regardless, we make it to the river after killing a few more snakes ourselves and the total remaining has dropped to twelve. I practically crawl to the water source and drink some of it in a very unladylike manner. It tastes both nice and terrible. Nice because of course water tastes good... but I just noticed how the jungle air is extremely humid and harsh on my throat. I'm sweaty and gross right now and not in a sexy way.

I get up and brush the dirt and dead leaves off of my clothes. I look down at my boots to see that there's some dried snake blood and sticky fleshy bits stuck to them. Damn that's where the disgusting smell is coming from.

"How's your ass feel?" Toshia asks me as he drops a huge log next to the river and I take a seat next to him on it.

"The pain meds are working, it's not so bad." I reply as I take off my boots begin to crudely clean the gunk from them. "I feel abit loopy though, I assume it's from the venom."

"Probably." Toshia nods. "I've not got bitten myself yet so I don't know the symptoms but that is a common one for many many types of poison out there."

"Damn." I grimace as I rub some water onto the boots and a bunch of disgusting gore comes off in the process. I'll have to remember to not step on them in the future... as much.

You may be asking me "Durr why not just use alchemy to remove the nasty bits?" Well... I'll tell you. My alchemy isn't that precise yet. If I try to deconstruct the grimy stuff on the boot, more than half the atoms I'd grab would be from the leathery hide itself so, not really something I'm capable of doing... yet.

Anyway, Toshia and I just sit around talking for awhile. He talks about his friendship with Jason and how Eris dislikes him. At least we both agree that Eris is a bitch. You may be wondering how I feel about Toshia's friendship with Jason. Honestly I don't really care, Toshia can take care of himself. If he wants to be friendly with Jason that's his business. I've told him quite a few times how I think that Jason is just deceiving him but he insists that he's getting through to him and helping him deal with some deep personal shit. Honestly I don't know what to believe and as I said, don't really care.

Odd how Jason takes up most of our conversation time and I'm not like... upset about it. Hmm.

Anyway, after about ten or fifteen minutes, two more snakes approach us. Toshia deals with them easily by flinging them both into a tree with his unseen hands, shattering the flora around them in a massive dust cloud of destruction. Damn his psionic powers are really fucking strong.

The scoreboard says only one enemy is left... and Paisou and Eris are knocked out now too so... that only leaves Jason, me and Toshia up and moving right now. Odds of the last snake attacking us are higher but we'll just have to wait. I'm half tempted to bathe in the river but I really don't want him to see me naked. I mean I wouldn't mind I guess... but now isn't the time for sexy stuff.

"V... can I ask you something?" Toshia breaks the silence.

"Uhh... sure I guess. What's up?" I turn to face him, even though he's just staring at his reflection in the river.

"Have you ever wondered if this... life we're leading is actually our destiny?" Toshia asks as he continues to gaze at the surface of the water. "I mean, we were all just random anthros before this happened, now we're training to be legendary warriors that everyone looks up to with respect and awe. Or maybe I'm just overthinking this."

Dominate.

Power.

Control.

"I don't believe in fate." I begin to speak honestly. "But I think we've been given the greatest gift in the universe and we should continue to do our best to use it for ourselves... and for our Creators."

Toshia nods and smiles. "I think so too. One of the things I love... loved about my job before all of this was just being outdoors. I really admire the natural order of things. It takes everything and anything it can to survive and makes no apologies for it. It's simple but elegant. We used to call that greed and it was something that was looked down upon in our society. For me, it's the ideal I strive for. Everyone having everything they possibly can have... that's what will bring about true peace to this chaotic galaxy of ours."

I simply nod in agreement as we hear a loud ringing sound coming from... somewhere, followed by Father's voice.

"The round is over, please get yourselves ready for transport back to your prep rooms." The booming yet soft voice sounds like it's right beside us.

Oh fuck we're gonna have to teleport again aren't we? God dammit. Toshia and I say goodbye for now and like ten seconds later, I see yet another bright flash. When I open my eyes again I'm back in the cylindrical pod in my, guess you'd call it a locker room. I go inside and the fresh cool air is soothing and with my regeneration back online, all the lingering pain I had is now gone.

I quickly strip naked and cast my clothes onto the floor. I think I rip my tank top but I don't really care. I rip the bandage off of my butt and smack it around a little, seems to feel just fine. It's only at this time when the Theta Sentinel informs me that I cannot change my clothes, we're supposed to keep the same ones for the entire training day.

Fucking really? There we go, Father is a pervert again confirmed. Gah. What if my clothes were shredded... would I be expected to go out naked?! The Theta Sentinel simply nods. Seriously? Wow. I mean I know this is meant to simulate part of a day being isolated in an unforgiving jungle but come the hell on man, I can get a new weapon so why no new panties? Fucking hell.

I get dressed in my dirty underwear and clothing, take a fresh bottle of water and a backpack with me this time, which contains a simple canteen, tent, flares, matches, compass and a flashlight. I think that's it. Oh and a pocket knife, great thanks. Sorry... I'm just in a foul mood right now. You would be too if you were forced to wear torn panties that allowed onlookers to see very small patches of your ass fur alright?

Piss off.

Anyway, after a couple minutes I'm ready to go again so I get into the pod. I'm so smelly that even I notice it. I'll probably try bathing in a river or something if no one else is around. Now that I know I can't change my clothes all day I'd rather not spend the day feeling icky but maybe that'll be the new normal. That'd suck if that were the case.

Geez louise, I've spent so long writing about this day that it's rather nutty so I guess we should move on. I could go into more detail about each round and believe me there'd be a lot to talk about, I just don't wanna drag this out. So let's just have a brief overview I guess.

During the second round, I fell off a small hill and spent twenty-five minutes with a broken leg, that wasn't very fun at all. The third round I found a strange camp with dead plants and sticky gross slime all around it. Someone else's ability clearly as they fought the snakes but I didn't know who at the time. The fourth round I fought with Axel and Jason and while that may be fun to read about for you it'd just be tedious for me since you know, I hate Jason's guts.

Ahem. That really just about covers it.

At the end of the day, Sorcha and I head back to her room and we immediately shower and piss out all the grossness from our bodies. What you want me to write that? Nah mate we'll have a big ass sex scene later on in this chapter, don't you worry. Anyway the point is that we are both exhausted so we basically just talk about our day and how shitty it was.

Eris abandoned Sorcha in the first round, she could have saved her but decided not to. Let's chalk that up to one more reason to hate Eris. Apparently Father gave her a huge shouting out and scared her shitless for not taking the training seriously. God I wish I could have witnessed that, would have made my day just a little bit better. Anyway, I told her about how much I hated not being able to get clean clothes and how much I disliked teleportation. I mentioned the odd shit I found and the other Reapers I fought with, I told her about Jason's ability to turn his body into slime and that he could absorb shit to kill and/or eat it. Yes that's who made the gross moist camp I had found earlier. Besides that I was by myself for the rest of the rounds.

Today was kinda blech but... hmm.

Oh well, least I have Sorcha, along with everyone else I care about. Life may be on a slight downward trend right now but in the end, we can only get stronger from here.

~~Friday November 7th, 2008~~

Well, after a week of fighting in the jungle, a fake Alaska hellhole, a blue sanded desert that literally smelled like shit, a sprawling mountainous maze of forests and a couple other fabricated locations my day off is finally here.

Huzzah!

I could have written a couple chapters with everything that happened this past week but ehh, I think sticking with one chapter per month is still the way to go. So regardless, hello! That's enough fourth wall breaks for one day... probably.

Anyway... so much of this week sucked. I froze my tits off, literally, in a winter wasteland. I fought giant scorpions in a poo smelling desert and got decapitated once, that was fun. I only know about that because Axel told me he found my old severed head later in that same spot when he found it in a later round. But yeah... this has been a wild week.

But today... is a date that I'll remember for quite a long time.

It starts off perfectly normal, Sorcha and I wake up, shower and eat breakfast together. Only instead of going to train afterwards... we can relax. Sorcha's not told me what the surprise is, she's only told me she's been planning it for a long while.

So... after we cuddle and nap together for about an hour we head out of our rooms naked together for the first time. A pod Sorcha calls shows up and we head inside. I'm so nervous, not gonna lie. Going out 'in public' as a nudist for the first time it's uhh, rather exciting but also terrifying for some reason. When we reach our destination, I realize that it's a water park. As we get out and see what she has planned for us I'm honestly rather stunned at what I see.

Every Reaper is here... and everyone is nude. Am I having a sex dream? The fuck is going on here?!

My pussy instantly gets wetter as I see the man meat all around me. Toshia is floating in some lazy river, Axel is enjoying a nearby hot tub and Paisou is just enjoying the wavepool further off in the distance. Eris is just getting fucked by Jason while in the missionary position on some kinda deck chair you lay down on. Who the fuck cares about them though.

He's not impotent then? Huh. Kay.

"It took a lot to convince everyone, especially Paisou to do this, but everyone eventually agreed to come here today as an experiment of sorts. I didn't invite Jason though... sorry hun." Sorcha explains.

"Don't worry about it, Toshia probably invited him." I assure her. "I'm literally dumbfounded that this is even happening at all just like... wow."

I take in a deep breath and feel the air rush into my nose and fill my lungs. It's a little bit chilly but it's still nice and relaxing to just... be nude out "in public" like this. Not that I'm a full-time nudist or anything, just... this is kinda nice is all. Sorcha says she wants to talk with Axel for abit and I kinda wanna take a ride around the lazy river. So she heads to the hot tub Axel is relaxing in while I sit down in an inflatable donut and feel the relatively cool water splash on my bare ass.

Brr it's cold... but nice and refreshing. My body is way too hot right now anyway. Metaphorically I mean. And I guess literally too, fair point.

Anyway, I push my right foot off of the side of the pool deck and just go with the current of the lazy river as I relax and close my eyes. My fur is tickling the back of my neck and I feel the breeze pass through every inch of my fur coat. It's only then that I realize that this is the first time in like... months that I've been able to relax and just do absolutely nothing. The feeling of my aching muscles always having an annoying presence in my body is gone. Feels so nice just to chill.

After awhile, I open my eyes and see Toshia approaching me. He's just floating by, not a care in the world it seems.

"Sup." I greet him with as little energy as I can muster.

"Hey V, enjoying the view?" He says with a smile.

"Mmmhmm." I respond coyly. "Very much so."

"I know I am." He chuckles.

"Oh stop, you're making me blush." I deflect Toshia's joke with sarcasm but I smile at him anyway.

"That's the point, V." He grins even wider. "The point of this is that everyone needs to relax and feel comfortable with themselves. And... we all kinda needed some bonding time too."

"True that." I say as I see that Eris and Jason are finally finished fucking on the deck chair.

That didn't take long. Maybe they were near the finish line when Sorcha and I arrived... they must have been. Eris is kind of hot with her pink pussy and nipples on her modest boobs that match her hair but damn if her personality isn't just the worst. I just happen to look at her cunt again as some of Jason's sperm drips out of it. Gross. I mean if it was anyone else's sperm it'd be arousing but it's Jason... he's like a cockroach who sneezed snot up her snatch or something and called it a good job.

...

I don't know where I was going with that analogy either alright? My brain is weird.

Anyway, after Jason puts on a pair of swim trunks he walks up to our inflatable donuts, more so to Toshia's, and begins to speak. Blech.

"Thanks for inviting me T but uhh, Eris and I are gonna head out and do some stuff." Jason says rather awkwardly as he scratches his ear. "I do appreciate it though we'll maybe try again sometime... when Eris is in a better mood-"

"You almost done Jason? Come on... I'm hungry I want to go to that new French restaurant place I had the Theta's build a few days ago. Let's go!" Eris bitches as she finishes putting on her bikini, as per usual. I assume she always complains after sex... right?

"Sorry." He quickly says as he begins to walk away. "See ya T. Later... Vaine."

What? He acknowledged my existence? What the heck? Am I dreaming? Please tell me I'm dreaming.

"Enjoy your... fake expensive food." I blurt out with a casual wave of my hand. "I mean your uhh, date."

Oof, great thing to say after not speaking to him for over two months. First thing I said to him since I chopped his dick off and it was... something so stupid. Oh well. He leaves without another word and I swear I see him wince but maybe I'm just seeing things. Either way, Eris is still a cunt.

Oh no hold the printing presses we gotta get this urgent news out to the world right away.

"See?" Toshia laughs lightly. "You can be civil with your ex."

"Oh fuck off." I casually dismiss his statement. "I was rude as shit."

"I dunno, if I was going on a date with Eris I'd probably be a bit dickish too." He shrugs and we both laugh. "Honestly though, you guys need to find a way to just... work together. It'll only make our lives easier if you two get along."

"Yeah..." I sigh. "I know. I've tried to be reasonable with her during training it's just... difficult. It is quite sad that Eris is negatively effecting me more than Jason these days. Almost makes me forget how shitty Jason is sometimes, almost."

"As I've told you he's a good kid." Toshia speaks seriously again. "He's just... impulsive and insecure. We all have our faults I guess."

"Yeah... whatever. Sorry to dampen the sexy mood I just... can't forgive him for the shit he did and said to me. Especially since he's never even acknowledged it." I explain. "He doesn't feel guilty due to his damn pride... doesn't care about anyone but himself and-"

"And I get it." Toshia interrupts me before I go on another rant about Jason's many shortcomings. "I understand why you don't like him, he's been nothing but a prick towards you for a long while. But I still think there's something I can do to get through to his inner voice of reason, I want to see his full potential in his service to Father afterall, same as you."

"The more competent allies we have the better?" I tilt my head as I say something so obvious.

"Exactly." Toshia nods.

We start or rather I start my second lap in this lazy river as our conversation finally goes abit more light hearted again. The mellow flow of the water in this attraction that you can barely call a ride is relaxing, the temperature of the water is just perfect now that I've gotten used to it and I'm not fighting any snakes or armadildos or bearbats and... I'm naked!

Yay run-on sentence contest woohoo!

Ahem, anyways moving on. Toshia and I just continue to float for awhile, probably about an hour or more. Sometime after that, I hear someone calling to me.

"Heya Vaine..." I hear Paisou's voice as I open my eyes.

I expect to enjoy the sight of his cute crotch in front of me. Instead I see that he's wearing a pair of yellow swim trunks. He has a rather shy and embarrassed look on his face which I normally find adorable but in this instance I can tell that something is bothering him.

"Paisou... what's wrong?" I ask out of genuine concern.

"I uhh, am just gonna head back to my room. I thought I could do this and enjoy uhh, naturalism with the rest of you but I just can't. Sorry." Paisou speaks slowly and awkwardly, I can tell he's uncomfortable.

"Oh no... you don't need to apologize." I tell him honestly. "If anything I'm the one who should be sorry if Sorcha bringing you here was something you didn't want to do."

"It wasn't that I didn't want to come, I'm just... too embarrassed and can't relax." He explains.

"I... understand." I tell him. "We'll spend the day together next Friday kay? Promise."

"S-Sounds good. Later Vaine." Paisou waves at me, says goodbye to everyone else and then leaves.

Well that was... mildly disappointing. I feel bad but at the same time I'm bummed that we won't have an orgy together. Paisou doesn't wanna star in a real life hentai scene. I mean I get it, he's shy as fuck but still... damn.

"Sorry hun... guess I pushed him too far." Sorcha's voice comes up from behind me as she rests her chin on my inflatable donut. I didn't even notice her get in the lazy river honestly. "Burr it's cold."

"That's cus you were in the hot tub for too long... but you already know that." I tease her. "And don't worry about it... I'll uhh, try to make it up to him next week."

With those words, the three of us get out of the lazy river and head to where Axel is. He's ordered the Theta Sentinels to bring us a shitton of food for us to partake in for lunch like geez louise there's so much of it. I guess he wants all of us to piss sooner rather than later. Hell I'm down.

Did I mention that Toshia got the digestive rework ability a few weeks ago when Sorcha told him about it? No? Kay then, well I have now so you can shut up about it.

...

Sorry that was kinda rude... I'm just bummed out about Paisou at the moment and the idiot bitch-ass Jason is still in my headspace as well.

Regardless, there's all kinds of food here. Dozens upon dozens of sandwiches, loads of salads and piles of fruit, a huge tub of mashed potatoes and gravy, bunch of other stuff... really it's a lot. I grab a ham sandwich and enjoy it... four of them actually. Yes I am Miss Piggy today. Afterwards I have probably a pound or two of fruit and like a few bowlfulls of mash potatoes. When I'm done eating, I'm stuffed so much that it hurts. I feel my insides churn and gargle as the pain eases up and they quickly turn all that delicious food into to urine and I know my bladder will wanna piss hard soon.

I'm so looking forward to the sex that I know is coming. It'll be the first time Toshia and I will fuck and I have to say, it's about damn time. I can't wait.

After our meal, we just lounge around for like an hour or two on the deck chairs as our processed urine begins to fill up all of our bladders. It's not long before my entire urethra is buzzing from the pleasure of holding in a solid amount of wee. If I was wearing a shirt my nipples would be poking holes through them because I'm horny as fuck right now. Watching the two older buff men and my girlfriend casually hanging around together while I have to piss is just highly arousing.

Anyway, it's around this time, with us just being lazy on the deck chairs and talking casually... that my pussy's itch becomes too much and my self control falls apart. I take in a deep breath and moan lightly as I spread my legs wide and begin to tease my clit with my right hand. Axel and Toshia both turn to face me as I get into a more comfortable position on my deck chair. I'm not really focused on them right now though. I'm horny as shit and I'm gonna make myself cum... the mere thought sends a soothing heat to pass through my skin and fur.

My fingers begin to play with my dampening labia and I imagine myself sucking on Toshia's long, hard cock. I think about how his warm and tasty precum will flow into my mouth as I bob my head up and down on it, slurping loudly and obscenely. I moan more clearly as my digits start to pump inside of me and tease my g-spot. I'm so horny that my eyes feel like they're spinning in their sockets and I have to try my hardest to hold back from cumming too soon.

I moan louder as Axel, Toshia and Sorcha just stare at me with rather amused looks on their faces as I grope my breast with my left hand. Damnit. I can't get them to stop watching me masturbate... not that I want them to mind you. Ahh... fuck... look at me more...

I start lifting my ass up off of the chair with my feet firmly supporting my entire lower body, which forces my fingers deeper into my pussy. I'm almost fisting my cunt at this point. Fuck... it feels too good. I'm so lost in the moment, my entire nether region is a raging fire right now. I know they're getting hard watching me go to town on myself. Sorcha would as well... if she had a dick of course but alas I'll settle for her wet muff.

"Aww baby, you're so naughty." Sorcha giggles and bites her lip. "Cum for us hun."

"Ya really want it that much huh?" Axel says rather jokingly as he rubs his cock.

"Yes..." I cry out loudly as my pussy juice spills out of my lips and onto my bare thigh. Oh fuck.

I gasp and squeeze my thighs together as I feel the first orgasm of the day smash through my body. My toes begin to curl, my muscles clench and I can feel my bladder start to ache harder. My entire vagina spasms as it shoots out loads of girlcum and sends me over the edge.

"A-Ahhh!" I cry out in pleasure as I cum in front of everyone, just as planned. "I-I... ah... fuck!"

I shake and shudder as I feel my climax begin to wane. I dig my back deep into the deck chair and plop my ass down as I try to catch my breath. I'm covered in sweat and I can see the trio licking their lips as they stare at me. The sheer amount of lust in their eyes is quite... satisfying.

"Now that's how you cum, V." Sorcha coos. "But now I think it's time you had some help."

Without much of a warning, Axel lifts me up off of the chair and firmly grabs my glorious buttcheeks with both of his hands. Toshia then grabs my thighs as my legs slip past both sides of his torso. Sorcha merely sits down where I just was after she moves the chair so we can all see her glorious wet pussy. She's clearly enjoying the show of me being lifted into the air easily by two large horny anthro men, judging by how much her cunt is glistening in the light right now.

"Good lord hun this chair is drenched... you were holding in alot hmm?" Sorcha teases me with her words as she obviously enjoys the feeling of my still warm girlcum seeping into her rump's fur.

I feel Axel's obscenely large cock poke at my backdoor while the tip of Toshia's erect member enjoys the feeling of my pussylips for the first time. Is... is what I think going to happen, happen? How're they both going to-

"Mmfh!" My thoughts are rudely interrupted as they thrust both of their dicks into me at once.

My pussy and asshole are stretched so far and feel so full of swollen manmeat that all I can do is moan with absolute pleasure. The feeling of being double penetrated for the first time ever is so intense. Both of them are so damn big inside of me I feel like I could be torn apart. Toshia's cock is smaller but it's by no means tiny, just shows you how absurd Axel's dick size is.

"Damnit V... your pussy is so fucking wet and tight, it seems like it's trying to pull me in and never let go..." Toshia says as he grinds his hips into mine. "It's a beautiful feeling."

"And this ass... damn I hope it feels as good for you as it does for me." Axel chuckles as he smacks my cheek with his hand. "She's so... bouncy."

"Oh fuck me you two are amazing.... gah.... oh oh fuck..." I moan loudly and can't help but hang my mouth open like a bitch in heat.

I try to spread my legs wider so Toshia can get even deeper inside of me but his waist is just too wide for me to do so. Not that he's not almost reaching the end of my womb anyways but you know, I'm always greedy for more cock. I'm feeling the tingling heat pass through my spine and chest as the steaming arousal is building inside me. My clit is going nuts and I'm sure the pleasure I'm feeling is literally dripping out of me right now.

To top it all off... my bladder has been screaming at me since the double penetration threesome began. The force of two large dicks in me is obnoxious to be fair and it's strange that I just haven't pissed myself yet from the pressure they're forcing onto the muscles around my cunt and anus. Also Sorcha has been watching us, masturbating the entire time. She moved the chair even closer to us, more so to me, and she's spread her legs apart, allowing me to see every horny detail of her sopping yellow slit and anal rim.

When did she scooch in so close? I wasn't, ahhh fuck... paying attention.

Without warning and with a glazed look in her lust-filled eyes she cries out a loud as fuck moan as she expels a stream of piss from her urethra. The powerful flowing liquid archs in the air as it glistens in the water park's lighting... and lands just below my belly button. It doesn't take long for her waterfall to reach my clitoris and the feeling of her warm pee dripping over and down it sends me over the edge. I feel my entire body shudder and my toes curl once more as I scream in pleasure.

"Ohhhhh fuck yeah fuck fuck I'm - I'm gonna-" I don't get a chance to finish my sentence as my gushing wave of my pee and girlcum splashes against Toshia's cock.

I can see the hot pale yellow fluid seep into his fur, not that it seems to bother him in the slightest. He begins to thrust harder into me with every stream that escapes me. The force of the pressure is just enough to send a bolt of electricity through my veins again as my pissing climax continues to make my entire body shudder.

The moment my orgasm finally comes to an end, I just continue to enjoy my nice urination and the feeling of being filled to the brim with meaty rods. Sorcha's warm pee feels really nice as well.

"F-Fuck! You- you're all so sweaty... ahhhh fuck!" Sorcha's pissing pussy convulses as she just raises her ass up off the seat and begins to enjoy the feeling of girlcum being added to her urine stream. "Ah! A-Almost... there! There it- ah! F-Fuck!"

She cums soon after, her body tenses up and her muscles lock in place, her pee stream sprays out of her like a broken faucet as she cums all over herself and us. When she finally stops, we all just smile at her as she breathes heavily from her post-orgasm bliss.

My entire body feels like it's engulfed in burning flames, only instead of pain this fire only brings a sort of comfortable numbness. The duel dicks pumping into me still feels great as my privates seem to have gotten used to being open wide by this point. My pissing is merely an afterthought right now. My body feels so aroused as I feel Toshia and Axel begin to thrust harder into my pussy and anal cavities. Their large hands are still forcefully holding onto my asscheeks and thighs tightly and it only takes a couple minutes for them to finally finish.

"Here it comes V! Take it!" Toshia's deep voice sounds so sexy to me right now.

I feel a wet heat blast out of both of their members as the two huge loads of cum splash against my insides and fill them to the brim. I can feel them pulsate with the throbs of their orgasm. Sorcha finally stops peeing on me during this time, I still have some in the tank though.

Ugh god their sperm feels so good~~

After about fifteen seconds they finish cumming and pull their still rock-hard members out of me. Their seed ejects lewdly out of my pussy and butthole as they lay me down onto another deck chair and my pee stream finally reduces itself to a trickle.

"Time for us to play with Sorcha now..." Axel grins. "I assume you don't mind?"

I simply nod as my body begins to cooldown, if only for a moment. They lift Sorcha up into the same position I was, only this time Toshia takes her booty while Axel takes her cunt. They all moan and grunt erotically as they adjust to their new positions and begin to pump into her relentlessly. After only about a minute, Toshia gets a disgruntled look in his eyes.

"Here- Here it comes!" Toshia practically yells. "Ahh fucking... feels so good to have relief..."

Sorcha screams with lusty approval as her bowels fill up with gorilla pee and it begins to squirt out of her asshole like a burst pipe mere seconds later. Oh god a piss enema, of course, lucky girl. Of course Axel starts to urinate inside her womb a few seconds later and the effect is immediate as Sorcha cums again after overflowing with golden god juice.

By this time I cannot ignore the live-action porno in front of me and I start to tease my clit with my left hand and and play with my nipple in my right. The sex felt great but ahh touching myself right now is also so arousing... fuck ahh... their sexual scents are so strong. Their pee lingers in the air, along with their cum and sweat... it's so fucking erotic I can't help but play with my privates as I watch the trio enjoy themselves.

"Your piss feels so good..." Sorcha moans as she just relaxes in the air. "So warm and... ahhh..."

"Heh, glad you're enjoying yourself." Toshia chuckles as he continues to use her asshole as an anthro toilet.

The lingering sound of piss hitting the concrete deck is the only thing that my horny pea brain needs to hear as I continue to masturbate voraciously to the sights in front of me. A couple minutes of intense golden shower love making later, Axel has a big grin on his face as he stares at my dripping wet cunt. His gaze is so overpowering... oh fuck. I'm think about to cum again soon.

I watch in utter bliss as Axel and Toshia finally finishing pissing, I think, and Sorcha just hangs there as they start to pound her more vigorously, Toshia's hips hitting her buttcheeks with loud slapping noises as he rams his member deep in her asshole. She's loving it too, judging by her huge smile. Her legs are quivering and her toes are curling as her body is being violated from both ends by two large anthro men.

I can't hold myself back anymore. My fingers begin to shake as I rub my clit frantically. My pussy seems to heat up the very air around it as my arousal spills out of it like a shattered dam. My body begins to shiver and convulse as I cum again, my entire body feels paralyzed by waves and waves of orgasmic bliss.

I see the three of them cumming, their orgasms just send me further into my own dream-like state of ecstasy. It feels like I'm in another dimension as the ripples of pleasure just continue to shake me to my very core. My body feels like it's floating on clouds of euphoria... I can't tell where my own body starts and the orgasm ends, it's all just one big tingly blur of loveliness.

We all kinda stop fucking after that and just relax in our deck chairs, Toshia has a nap but the rest of us just sit and relax while talking abit. A couple hours later we all enjoy a nude shower and sauna, afterwhich we go and play some naked volleyball. Don't ask me why. But yes it was fun to watch tits, dicks and butts jerk and jiggle around thanks for asking.

All in all though it was a great day off... it would be remembered as the first time I was double penetrated and it wouldn't be the last... hopefully. My asshole would be sore for the next week, totally worth it though.

~~Tuesday November 18th, 2008~~

Splash splash...huff huff... gah... running through puddles is harder than you'd think. Especially now that I'm going around barefoot for the rest of training today. Yeah my military boots and socks got torn to shreds in an earlier round... that was not fun at all. Of course, the fake creatures we're training on today cut my head in half vertically shortly afterwards so I wasn't footless and in stupidly painful agony for very long.

I guess I should explain hmm? I'll try to start from the beginning, ish.

Last week, we had a special day, Wednesday I think, where the enemies we faced that day were a lot stronger than usual... and there were close to a thousand of them in each round, nearly ten times the amount of the normal maximum number we usually have faced up until then.

We got our asses handed to us that day of training... a day we spent in a simulated alien city that was freezing cold and who's only buildings were made out of a bright purple metal and yellow glass for some reason. We had to fight ice zombies that glowed pink and had super strength and speed. Aside from the neon colors of the environment, it wasn't fun.

In the end, I 'died' like seven times. We could still use our abilities of course, besides regeneration, but most of our offensive skills proved next to useless against these enemies which were specifically designed to be extremely vulnerable to the weapons we were using and resilient to literally everything else, to like balance it out I guess. I could still kill those zombie fuckfaces with my lightning but it'd take too long and there numbers were too great for that strategy to work. If you were caught with your panties down and surrounded by too many enemies because you made a fatal mistake... it was over, as was the case with me most of the time that day.

But... I digress.

That was shit. That was balls. But that was also out in an open arena where we could move around quite freely. Today, like eight days later, we have a much shittier battlefield to conquer. We are fighting giant... masked... black beetles that run on two legs and have basically scimitars for arms. I don't fucking know either all right? I'm trying my best here to describe them... they're like a mutated fusion of some kinda bug Pokmon. It's been awhile since I've made a Pokmon reference... so shut up.

They've already incapacitated me twice so far this morning so yeah you're all caught up... and I'm running from one of those fuckers now. Inside a place like this.

Yup. We're underground, surrounded by leaky rusting pipes that are spraying water everywhere, hence the wet floor. The only light, besides some natural rays coming from holes in the ceiling, is from lit torches that are constantly expelling gas. A primitive yet effective design so that we don't suffocate I guess. And no we can't go outside, the holes are way too small to squeeze through and the metal around them is impervious to our weak ass alchemy-in-training skills. Yup, Father thought of that too.

Anyway... I'm so tired out. This... thing has been chasing me for like twenty minutes and it hasn't given up, like geez louise. To make matters worse, I can't really use my scythe here, it's too long and the hallways are too narrow most of the time for me to swing it properly. I threw it away a while ago as a distraction for my pursuer, you can guess how well that worked. As if that wasn't bad enough the environment itself is also wet, meaning that if I use my crimson lightning I'll just paralyze myself the instant I try to it shoot out of my fingers if I'm even remotely close to the rust coated ground water.

Yeah my body nullifies the deadly and painful damage of electricity... but not its paralytic effects under these conditions. I need another skill, probably Paralysis Resistance which I'd later have to evolve to nullification in order to be completely immune. Just chalk it up to another ability I'll need to get I guess.

SCREEEEE!

It's not losing track of me... fuck me sideways. I feel like I'm in a goddamn horror movie. I could go for that sideways fuck though. Damn... all I can do is continue to run. This is one of those days where I'm just trying to focus on honing my survival skills due to this arena seemingly being designed to counter each of my skills as much as possible. Either that or I'm just too self-centered and can't see the bigger picture of why these tunnels were constructed the way they were.

...

Nah it's for sure just intended to piss me off. This month has been absolutely brutal in terms of training. But at least I can acknowledge it's usually nasty for everyone. Today just seems to be the day where everything is against me. I don't know how but I have to think of some way to escape from it without my weapon and without my primary skill. I need to think of something... but what?

Wait a second... is that...

Aww no, there's gotta be a better solution than this.

I see a small square grate near the ceiling about twenty feet ahead of me. If I can jump high enough I should be able to squeeze through, probably. That's my only shot and it'll be a close call. If I don't get away from this thing now then I'll for sure end up being torn apart limb from limb by those scimitar-hands.

The fucking thing has almost caught up to me at this point! Oh god please let this work. I can see it getting closer... oh god. I have no time to think, no time to plan. I just... fuck, here goes nothing.

"ARGH!" I cry out as I push myself as hard as possible off of my feet.

I fling my body up as high as I can, I just barely get through the grate... in fact my lower body is stuck in between the bars. God dammit my ass is too big! Really?! Wait... it's not my ass... it's my waist that's caught on something. Damnit, it's gotta come off or I'm gonna be dead meat in a couple seconds. Without thinking too hard I cut the belt with a knife I have on me and pull myself up through the grate and within the next instant I hear the damn beast screeching in frustration.

I breathe deeply for a while as I crawl along the interior of the vent as quietly as I can, if anyone was behind me they'd get a great view of my blue panty covered butt right now. But damn for the first time in over half an hour my body can finally relax a little. As I do so however, I'm reminded of what I was about to do before the chase began.

I really have to piss right now. It feels like a prison riot is trying to break loose inside of my abdomen, almost literally. My pee feels like its in a full-on tense standoff with my bladder. My insides are so fucking uncomfortable and swollen right now... and I've barely eaten anything today. It must be from all the stress of this extra shitty day.

Why not just pee my panties you may be asking? Well that'd make alot of noise since I know it's gonna shoot out of my pussy like a fucking cannon when I begin to go... and right now that beetle fucker is still looking for me. I can't let it know where I am... but god damn it hurts so badly.

All I can do... is crawl until I no longer hear it skittering out there... fuck. I do so for five minutes and then ten... and it still seems to be following me. My legs are trembling, holding onto my bladder is becoming harder and harder. I know my face is burning bright red right now.

Ughhh... what do I do now?

Wait. I've not tested it yet but... would this be a good time to use my acidic urine ability? I've leveled it up a bunch but I still haven't really felt the need to try it out yet. I kind of wanted my first use of it to be in a sadistically fucked up and kinky kind of way to kill someone... but it may just be the solution to my beetle problem.

I slowly crawl through the vent a little bit more until I finally find what I've been looking for... another grate. Perfect. I schooch my way past it so that my lower body is on the other side, my pussy is so engorged at this point and ready to leak at any moment. I turn around onto my back and forcefully kick the rusted grate several times until it falls down. I spread my legs as far apart as possible in this narrow space and manage to pull my panties to the side as I aim my cunt at the opening I've created.

SCREEEEEEEEE!

'Turn on Acidic Urine Level 9.'

Almost as soon as I turn the skill on, I see the fat beetle fuck poke its two scythe-like limbs through the square hole, followed quickly by its metal mask covered... "face". It can see my glorious slit in full glory right now... and it's the last thing it'll see.

"Eat piss motherbuzzer..." I modify my own corny line from a certain Nintendo 64 video game as I relax my bladder.

The caustic liquid shoots out of my pussy with great force and I moan in pleasure as I finally get to pee. The deadly golden stream hits the dumb ass bug straight in its metallic facehole and it hisses wildly as loads of bubbling steam rise from its wound. It instantly melts away everything in its path, dissolving flesh, metal, even water in the air as it spews out of my urethra. I keep urinating as hard as I can and I watch with satisfaction as the bug seems to collapse in on itself from my powerful stream.

"Eat that you creepy fucking asshole! Ahh fuck it works... feels so good~~~" I moan out loudly, thereafter peeing for a full two minutes before my bladder is finally empty.

I feel such a great sense of relieved stress as my piss stops pouring out of me. I'm so tired and so ready to nap right now... but I can't. I drop back down into the tunnel and most of the beetle's body is still intact and sizzling, even if it's in several pieces. I also notice a small hole in the middle of my wee death field with a diameter of only a few inches. Its overall shape is sporadic and random but it seems to be where most of my urine drained into as it continued to eat its way through everything.

Damn that was really fucking cool.

'Turn off Acidic Urine Level 9.'

I look down at my panties and notice that they're basically shredded from my pubic hair down. Oopsie. I guess a more than few drops of urine scattered onto them and just.. ate into it. I'm basically going commando right now, they're only held to my hips because of the elastic band around my waist. My butthole and snatch are clearly visible, even a loincloth would cover up my privates more right now. I'll have to remember to drop my pants all the way down or find a better pissing position if I want to... not destroy them in the future.

I walk away from the dead beetle and pull myself into another ceiling grate about five minutes later. I guess today's just gonna be one where I hide for hours, this seems to be one of those surviving more than killing focused training days. So lame but whatever. I take off my barely functional undies and try to repair them with alchemy. After like fifteen minutes of distracting my brain, I fail and just end up making something closer to a banana hammock instead. I toss away the strange hybrid panties made for my non-existent cock and just sigh in frustration.

Guess I'm going bottomless for the rest of the day. Wouldn't be the first time I guess would it? I drink some pure water I make with alchemy and eat a couple apples and oranges that I construct as well, it's not much but it'll be enough to add abit of juice in my bladder if I need to piss on a bug again. I don't really plan on fighting anymore today but who knows what'll happen.

I just lay there in the vent for awhile, not really doing anything and relaxing as best as I can in this shitty environment. I admit... when I'm not running for my life, the sound of dripping water is rather soothing. I'd probably get annoyed with it if I heard it for more than a day but for now yeah... it's nice. The temperature is still uncomfortable but it's not so bad when my fur is mostly dried out now that I'm no longer constantly running through water.

I actually fall asleep for a bit after that... which is great cause I've been so stressed lately. It's like I've had my body in autopilot for this past month or so. Sex has been great don't get me wrong, I still very much remember the feeling of having double the dicks inside me down there but again, something in the back of my mind is still just nagging at me. It's even more frustrating when you can't even describe what that feeling is.

Anyway, a couple hours pass and the training day is done. I put on a fresh pair of pants and now the day's alchemy training can begin, great. You already know what I'm going to work on learning now.

Yup. Panties.

~~Sunday November 30th, 2008~~

Well, here we are, again. End of the month and time for the competition, the "Test of Intelligence". So much has happened in the past thirty days it's honestly rather nutty. I wanted to write more of it but this chapter is already long so yeah. I'd have to write upwards of 300K words if I talked about every day in detail.

But anyways, after fighting all kinds of creatures from giant snakes, scorpions, raptors, ice zombies, alien bugs, wyverns, fire jackals and more... and experiencing all kinds of nasty planetary simulations I have to say... I'm glad I grew up on Earth. I mean I'm not scared of the stars or anything but man... Father really knows how to make an alien planet look like it's the worst thing that could possibly ever exist.

I'm just glad it's finally over. But next month we'll probably fight like gremlins and hobbits right? Who the fuck knows, all we know is that they'll be "simulated" sentient creatures. Joy.

Regardless that's enough complaining from me, lets get this damn competition started shall we? I'm gonna keep this outro brief but yeah, while all the other Reaper Ranking tests have been in rather small arenas... this one is massive... and it's just a simple hedge maze. If the hedges were made of metal and if you were being stalked by a few fiendish foes then yeah it's the exact same thing as those green bushy ones you got lost in as a kid.

No? Just me? Kay.

We all get a maze of our own apparently, I guess the ones who escape the fastest will rank the highest but I'm not really sure. All we're told is what I've said, we have to find the exit and avoid getting incapacitated. If we get "knocked out" we'll be sent to the start and have to go again.

Long story short... this is the toughest competition yet in my opinion. Everything looks the same and you always feel lost... I have no clue where I'm going. That's how I felt at first though, before I started to think instead of act. Once I did that, I can feel the airflow with a sort of... sixth sense. I don't know it's hard to explain but it feels like I'm being guided to the exit once I know what I am looking for. It's subtle as well as noticeable.

I end up exiting the maze in nine minutes and fifty two seconds. Surprisingly, I get first place. I win a competition for the first time... and I felt nothing.

So strange. This entire month has left me feeling hollow and again I cannot explain why. I have a hot girlfriend, supportive sex friends and the best food I can eat... so why? Why am I feeling this way?

Ahh, whatever. Who cares. I think it's just the mindless stress of this stupid training that has got me so... listless. I should mention that Paisou and I haven't talked much since the whole nudist water park thing. I tried to make amends the next week but he was insistent that he just needed time by himself. I... may have fucked up that friendship.

But was that really the reason I was feeling this way? Because of teenage boy troubles? Granted he's not the teenager I am but still. He's only six years older than me but yeah. I don't think that's why I'm feeling this way. I mean it sucks but it's not the end of the world, we still fight together alright and we don't hate each other. But whatever, I'm done talking about this.

It takes almost an hour for the last person to finish the death maze test and I take a look at the rankings from inside the observation room, which I entered first by the way as I said earlier, even though I wasn't doing much observing.

Reaper Rank (Test of Intelligence)

Vaine Steele - 7 Points

Toshia Kamagst - 6 Points

Paisou Kayo - 5 Points

Sorcha Hansal - 4 Points

Jason Hawkright - 3 Points

Eris Bellington - 2 Points

Axel Cress - 1 Point

But yeah there you go. Aside from me being at the top, the rankings aren't too shocking. Hmm. Maybe the ungodly training this month had a much more positive effect on me than I thought? I dunno, maybe. Doesn't feel like it but I guess the results speak for themselves. About a minute later, everyone's overall rank shows up.

Reaper Rank (November 2008)

Sorcha Hansal - 18 Points

Toshia Kamagst - 18 Points

Axel Cress - 16 Points

Jason Hawkright - 16 Points

Paisou Kayo - 16 Points

Vaine Steele - 15 Points

Eris Bellington - 13 Points

Yeah since I did such a shitty job last month, me getting first in this one has only bumped me up to 6th overall. At least the bitch ass cunt is back in last where she belongs. But yeah I really don't have much else to say right now. We'll see you next month... hopefully it'll be better than this one, it'll be Christmas after all... a holiday that's probably going to be dead to us all anyways.

Ho Ho Ho Motherfuckers.

*058*2023-07-19 03:24

Heya All, Vaine here, been awhile hmm? Sorry about that... I'm a slow writer lol. But alas yeah hello.

This chapter was both fun and annoying to write, it had the most rewrites of any chapter so far for sure. Vaine was a nudist with Sorcha early on for the first new day of training, that didn't really work so I scrapped it. I'd written nearly half of the big sex scene in this chapter... before I deleted it and started over basically. Lastly, Vaine's beetle "battle" was changed a couple of times before I finally settled on "fuck it, I'll just have her pee on it."

On a more positive note, I really enjoyed the character development of Toshia in this chapter, the only Reaper I hadn't really gotten around to talking about much to be fair, besides Eris. But who wants to talk about her?

Ok ok... next chapter... probably lol.

Regardless, the sex scene featured in this chapter is something I've had in my head for months, since I first thought up these new characters actually or shortly afterwards so yeah, long while. It's not as I originally intended it to be but the unexpected outcome of it felt natural to me so I didn't want to force it. Speaking of sex... I'm basically all out of ideas for "unique" sex scenes now for the current point in the story so... I'm gonna cut back on them. Not saying they won't still exist, they will, I'm just going to try and focus more so on the story for abit. Don't worry though I'll still have plenty of nudity, lewd and peeing scenes for us all to enjoy, I'm too much of a lover of all three to not have Vaine piss whenever possible lol.

In conclusion, while writing this chapter as I said in it I could have written so much but I decided to condense it down. Was that a good decision or a bad one? I dunno, you decide lol. I felt like the chapter was absurdly long but that may not be the case. As usual I have a hard time deciding how long to make them and sometimes they end up way shorter than they appeared in my mind. I spent hours editing this monster so hopefully it's fairly clean but if you spot any errors, feel free to point em out and I'll fix em ASAP.

Regardless I hope you all enjoy, feel free to leave all the love and hate in the comments and as per usual, have a piss-filled day. 

~Vaine Steele

*060*2023-07-19 18:53

{{5 hours ago, orangelion said:

I really enjoyed this chapter. Both it's plot and it's "plot" are great.

}}

I'm glad you liked it, thank you for your kind words. 

{{5 hours ago, orangelion said:

I'm sure I've mentioned it before, but I don't mind long chapters. Make them as long or as short as you want them to be.

}}

Maybe you did mention it, my memory is bad and I may have forgotten lol.

{{5 hours ago, orangelion said:

I did kinda want to see another Sorcha and Vaine sex scene at the start of the chapter.

}}

Oh we will have way more in the future don't worry. 

{{5 hours ago, orangelion said:

Is the Las Vegas reference from Austin Powers?

}}

Maybe? I always thought it came from one of my favorite flash animation series' as a kid but maybe said creator got it from that movie.

*062*2023-07-20 06:47

Ahh, interesting lol.

This was the first time it was mentioned in the series.

$src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/K9F7FKcz80k?list=PL4F761764995C5F15" width="200"

- and it was kinda a staple since then.

*064*2023-08-19 08:12

Chapter 13: The Lesbian Christmas TV Special

~~Thursday December 4th, 2008~~

Sniff sniff... a purple haired goblin with white fur is scouting the forested area around its vicinity. In their grubby little hand is a simple metal pipe that they're using as a makeshift club. They're carrying it around like a sword, despite it being basically useless as a weapon.

"Kriiiiii!"

"Huuuuu..."

"Kriii!"

Two of its... we shall call them acquaintances, seem to have found something. One of them, a green haired goblin, is just standing there staring blankly at something. The other one, a white haired goblin, has a crude stick in one hand while holding a pair of torn yellow panties in its other one. It's only at this time when the purple haired goblin notices what its green companion has been staring at.

There's a woman, with pink fur and a rather thin tail, laying face first on the ground and still moaning and clearly in a daze from whatever put her there. Her fat butt, tight anus and slightly agape pussy are fully visible for all to see, since the white haired goblin already pulled her pants down before he ripped off her underwear. The purple goblin snatches the panties from the white one's hand and rubs its snout across them, taking in the scent... and then sniffs the fallen lady's asscrack.

Yup, they are her panties alright. By this time, the three goblins little erections are evident through their thin loincloths.

Man... Father really programmed them this way hmm? I shouldn't be surprised anymore but, tsk, I click my tongue in annoyance. I flick the fresh blood off of my scythe and carefully slide down the steep rocky hill that Eris fell down. By the time I land loudly on level ground the trio of the furry gobs notice me, but it's too late for them. They were way too distracted by her butt. I can't blame them I suppose.

"Krii!!" They yell at me as the purple haired one drops Eris' panties and prepares to attack.

So pitiful really. I swing my scythe horizontally and easily slice its head off when it gets too close, these guys aren't very good at combat after all. The other two horny goblins scream at me but it's too late. I dash forward and completely eviscerate one, it's innards would spill out if it weren't a robot but it just crackles with electricity as too many of its mechanical parts are destroyed and it simply falls over limp.

"The only one who can rape Eris is me." I whisper a rather dark joke as I slice my scythe vertically, impaling the last goblin through its lower jaw while most of the blade juts out from the top of its skull.

I loosen the dead weight from my scythe with a final wide diagonal swipe and take a deep breath. That's all of them... for now.

"I heard that you know." a bruised and dirt covered Eris grumbles and complains as she picks her panties up off of the ground while still sitting down. "They're shredded. Great. Fucking shit."

"You want a pair of mine?" I say with a proud smirk. "Our butts are almost the same size."

"Why the fuck do you have spares?" Eris practically spits at me as she covers up her snatch with her free hand. "Creep..."

"I just bring a few with me now, I hate going through a day of training with dirty underwear on, especially if it starts off shitty." I rummage through my backpack and throw a red pair at her stupid face. "You should be thankful."

She pulls them off of her disgruntled mug and inspects them. Then she sighs like the bitch she is. "I suppose these'll have to do."

I'm wearing my black pair that's still nice and clean. Hehe, no goblin panty thieves for me to deal with today! Ahem. I turn around while Eris takes off her pants completely and I assume she puts on the fresh pair of undies. I'd like to watch I guess but hey, Sorcha is the only woman I need in my life right now. Ok I may have peaked once or twice.

She's wearing a business suit again by the way, guess she likes to fight in those... tight suit pants and shirt/jacket combo. Whatever. Can't say my training wardrobe has changed much either, I'm just wearing military pants and boots and a tanktop, as per usual. I kinda stopped wearing the jacket awhile ago, most of the time. If the climate of the day is bitterly chilly I'll wear a thick coat and pants but that's annoying to fight in and limits my mobility, even in normal gravity. I really should get more cold resistance to be fair, seems like something I can do when we run into the next cold arena, well colder than this one anyway. I'm not sure what skills to get or level up right now anyway, I have just over 800K soul points just sitting in my UI menu right now, just idling away.

"Took you long enough to come down here..." Eris is still very bitter as she pulls her suit pants back up.

"I was fighting the other four G-Sentinels that you were struggling against, or did you forget about them already?" I sneer with my tone but not my face, no point in that when she can't even see it.

This is the first round of today's training. A vast forest, very Earth-like, filled with snow goblins or some shit, yeah because those exist. I guess Father is designing creatures based on our ancient mythologies now, at least partially. And just like in those stories the goblins are short, weak and lusty all the time. You can take out one or two easily but if there are a lot on you they can easily... gang rape you, probably.

Anyway, Eris and I saw each other within minutes of teleporting into the arena, so we begrudgingly decided to work together, we didn't yet know what enemies we would face today after all. We ended up fighting a group of them on a small cliffside of sorts, Eris fell down mid battle and well, you're caught up now.

I look up at the glass dome and it says there's 453- now 451 goblins left. Another one of those days with weak enemies in higher numbers hmm? Perfect.

"Are you injured anywhere?" I ask in a rather uninterested tone, her classy suit is torn to shit in several places.

"I'm fucking fine." Eris says as she digs one of her dagger gloves out of the mud. The other one appears to be broken.

"Okay geez. I hate you too but you don't have to be so unpleasant, sheesh." I say as I close my eyes for an extended period of time while gesturing with my free hand. "Let's keep moving then once you get all your shit together."

"Tch." Eris grumbles at my remark as she picks up her own backpack, which seems to be mostly intact.

"Oh and you can keep the panties." I say with a wide smile plastered on my face.

Eris just flips me the bird with her right hand and a slightly annoyed expression. "Fuck off you cunt."

After our sisterhood of the traveling bitching continues for awhile, we get on the move again. I can't help but feel a slight worry in the back of my mind though. If the goblins get the chance to... well, fuck us, it's not gonna be pretty. Man I'm horny today.

...

Look ok, if you saw a bunch of short perverts tear off Eris' panties and expose her ass you'd be moist too. Her personality is god awful but one can't deny her deliciously hot booty. Anyway where was I?

Oh yes, goblin gang rape. Yeah we've got to avoid that... totally. So as we walk through the chilly yet not snowy forest, these are the thoughts going through my pee brain. We're both not the best fighters but I am better than Eris. Her best ability is... well I don't actually know really. She's never used her skills around me. All I've seen her use are those ninja gloves with daggers strapped at the ends. I have no idea what they're called so I'll just call em... claw daggers. Original I know.

Anyway, she faced a couple goblins with some thick clubs and that was enough to break one apparently, before she got her ass handed to her of course. How is she still so bad at melee combat after four months of training? Even Jesus Christ himself couldn't answer that one. Hey it's December so you'll get baby god jokes all damn month, deal with it.

But if we do get cornered, I'm more than confident that I can handle it on my own, I'm basically Eris' glorified bodyguard right now. I can just get behind her and cover her ass in the back, much like my panties are doing right now. I'd just need to find some way to stop these little fucks from touching her booty... or not, I could let em shred her pants so I have something nice to look at. Hmm.

Yes I know I'm horrible.

Regardless I've ranted long enough let's go. I should mention that being around Eris for only like fifteen or twenty minutes has caused my stress levels to skyrocket... and my bladder despite being only partly full is aching more than usual as a result. I may be forced to piss during training again but I guess we'll cross that Golden State Bridge when we come to it.

These are the jokes you signed up for long ago, come on now.

Regardless, we see a stone tower in the distance after awhile. 378 goblins left. I've only killed two more since the first attack so... I guess most of them are just in a far off part of the arena. However, the wooden door of the spire bursts open and five- no six goblins burst out. They're all wielding rusty weapons and wearing nothing but thin loincloths that barely conceal their tiny pricks.

Damn. Since we're basically in an open plain outside of the forest, they rush us all at once. I can use my lightning on them but I don't know if I have time to activate it before they reach us. I begin to charge up my power but they're coming too quickly. Just before I stop though, Eris fires a transparent pink beam of energy at them. Instantly all the goblins get fully erect and drop their weapons, their horny-filled eyes are glazed over and they cease moving towards us.

"Hurry!" Eris yells. "This will only stun them for a few seconds!"

Pff, that's all I need. With intense focus and a mild strain on my body, I finish imbuing my scythe with crimson lightning as I swing it horizontally. The energy shoots out in a singular wave of light and blasts all six of them at once, completely frying five of them, leaving one just barely functional as it writhes on the ground with a cybernetic boner. Eris quickly runs up to it and jams her claw dagger deep into its head. Guess she's not completely useless in combat after all.

"What was that just now?" I question as I put my scythe on my back.

"My power dumbass." Eris bitches back.

"You have... a horny attack beam?" I have to hold back a laugh as I smile. Ow, even doing that makes my pussy uncomfortable. Damn I have to urinate more than I thought I did.

"You have a fucking problem with that?" Eris stares deep into my soul as if she's dead serious. Ohhh scary.

"Nah, no problem it is just... interesting." I reply while still chuckling on the inside.

She calls me a perverted freak and yet she has an ability to seduce weak-minded males just like that? I mean she's right but god what a hypocritical bitch.

I continue walking away but then she yells at me from behind. "Don't look down on me you stupid shit! I hate you!"

I just ignore her and carry on. As long as we keeps saving each others asses from goblin rapists I think I can live with her bitching for awhile. I may have to sneak away for a potty break soon though. As we approach the tower we see two more goblins exiting through the door, they see us and immediately charge us. Once again, a mindless strategy. Today is actually turning in to quite a boring training day if I'm being honest. If I wasn't horny and in mildly arousing pain right now I'd be so damn demotivated.

When one goblin fuzzball gets too close to me I kick it in the face and it tumbles to the ground. I pick it up by the neck with one hand, it is surprisingly light. It's flailing around wildly, seemingly struggling to breathe from my tight grip. Do robots need air or is this just for show? Ahh whatever. Like a curious boy who found his sister's Barbie doll, I yoink off the goblins loincloth outta sexual curiosity and stare at its dick.

"Vaine, what the hell are you doing?!" Eris yells at me. God it's just a penis girl, relax.

"I was just curious, calm down." I sigh as my cunt twitches slightly. Afterwards, I slam the G-Sentinel into the ground and stomp my boot into the back of its skull.

"Get your fucking head out of your ass! I'm being attacked!" Eris complains for the billionth time today.

"Oh stop being such a bitch all the time and you'll be surprised by how little I can fuck up your life." I say curtly. "Besides it's only one goblin. What's the problem exactly?"

"Ugh..." Eris finally manages to slash the goblin's throat after trying way too hard.

We both keep moving towards the tower and head inside. In there we find, surprise surprise, more goblins. Joy. We deal with them easily enough.

Although...

"That fucking goblin tore my belt! Shit." Eris complains as she struggles to hold up her pants. "Today is just the worst."

"Can't argue with you there." I retort. "Maybe there's a rope or something you could use instead of your belt somewhere around this shitty tower instead."

"Tch..." She clicks her tongue with annoyance as she begins looking around.

The building itself seems to be a giant single room on each floor, with clearly unsafe stone stairs winding around on the interior wall. There appears to be a basement as well. In the middle of the floor is a large circular glass dome but not like a futuristic one, more medieval like, allowing the sun to pour through the entire spire I guess since there's a basically identical one on the ground floor's ceiling. Also the main floor is full of flasks of glowing potions that wouldn't be out of place in a Harry Potter novel or something. Most of them are broken but a few are intact.

I guess we're in a wizard's tower then? Great, a perverted witch will pop out of nowhere and do all kinds of weird shit to us I'm sure. What? What do you mean a wizard and a witch aren't the same thing? What am I a nerd? Whatever. God I wish a witch could craft an anti-peeing spell for me right now. Maybe I'd like a super peeing spell cast on me instead? Ahh... probably.

We make our way down the stairs and into the basement, Eris is keeping her belt together with her hand like her life depended on it. Geez girl I've already seen all you have to offer down there why're you being so... persnickety? Is that the word? I think so. Basically if it were me I'd have dropped my pants awhile ago but I guess she'd rather hold onto them, literally.

Damn I really need to get my mind outta the Eris gutter.

Either way... we enter the lowest level of the tower after passing through a double wooden door... and it smells. Bad.

There's two fairly large square wooden platforms on either side of the floor. In between them, there is what I can only describe as a pool... full of rotten bubbly gunk. I thought it was just mud because of it's dark brown color but its odor is absolutely repugnant. Across the room is various stashes of clutter and junk, mostly broken pottery or gears or whatever miscellaneous shit Father decided to put down here. It's honestly a bit disgusting to look at, which makes Eris and I agree on something, very rare I know.

Just before we're about to get the fuck out of here, we hear a lot of loud cackling coming from up the stairs. More goblins. Of course there are. We don't have enough time to shut the heavy door from inside so we just stay on guard with our backs against the murky goo pool as we wait.

When they come down, they're all wearing those same filthy loincloths and have those same angry and horny faces. "Krii! Krii!!"

"Fucking hell." Eris groans while trying to hide her disgust and anxiety.

I've got a bad feeling about this, and not just deep in my bladder. We're not in a position to retreat backwards and they're moving very slowly, taking their sweet ass time. One goblin has its eyes set on Eris and its face contorts with rage as it runs towards her. But before it can reach her I fire a crimson orb of lightning at its face, blasting right through its fucking head. Two other goblin cyborgs scream and begin to run towards us. Shit. I'm tired out mentally and it'll take too long to kill them all with lightning.

They run up to a basically defenseless Eris because she insisted on holding up her pants... and push her into the mucky slime. They laugh at her as they see her flail around like an idiot. Tsk... guess I have no choice. I equip my scythe and run towards the distracted furry midgets, when I get to one I swing it horizontally and cut it in half like a butchered cow.

"Vaine what the hell?!" Eris screams at me from the cesspool, seemingly fine and standing up with the nasty shit leveled around her hips.

"Do I look like your goddamn mother?" I sneer at her as I decapitate the second goblin. "I can only do so much fighting at once dumbass!"

The last two remaining G-Sentinels by the door turn their attention to me and they growl menacingly as they prepare to attack. I'm actually really glad that they didn't charge us all at once this time. I dash towards the closest one, stabbing it in the throat with my scythe. The other one swings it's club at me but I jump away and use the time I bought myself to charge my blade with the last of my crimson energy. I unleash the power in a single arc of lightning that slices the poor bastard in half, its body parts practically exploding as they're sent flying across the cellar.

Breathing heavily I sigh with relief... and feel a sharp jolt in my privates. Dammit piss stay there.

I don't have time to rest though, as I hear more faint laughter in the distance.

Fuck.

Left with no other choice, I slowly close the double doors and lower the thick wooden bar on it just in time as an angry herd of an unknown number of goblins bang on the door. Thankfully it seems to be stable... they appear to lack the strength to break through. However they are so damn loud. Their constant knocking and screaming is already giving me a headache.

"What the fuck are we gonna do?" Eris complains with her face twisted in anger and disgust. She's still caked in the gross muck from the pool despite having crawled out of it... and leaving her pants behind in the nasty pit.

"We'll just... wait here until the combat session of the training day is over I guess." I sigh deeply and have to resist rubbing my vagina to soothe it even slightly. I really should do something about this.

"Fine by me." Eris grunts as she shakes some of the mud off her hands.

God she really is filthy right now. Seeing her like that with no pants, while wearing my red panties to boot, kind of sends me over the edge mentally. If I don't piss willingly soon I'm gonna do so whether I want to or not. I drop my backpack into a corner, take my military boots off, damn this floor is fairly cold, and I pull of my pants and set them sloppily ontop of my bag.

Eris doesn't really have time to question what I'm doing as I squat down near the edge of the nasty pool and pull my black panties away from my cunt. I can feel the intense pressure inside me... and then I release it just before the horny thoughts of relief completely consume me. The force is powerful enough to make considerable noise as it melds and mixes with the soggy dirt, but I manage to keep myself steady as I watch the golden urine cascade out of me. It's flowing out quickly from my urethra and making me feel so damn good.

"You're seriously going to do this now?!" Eris yells in exasperation at me, having clearly watched my show for awhile.

"Look Eris, your bitching has stressed my body out, I'm exhausted from fighting and my bladder was screaming at me." I smirk at the woman I hate more than anyone. "Don't worry... I won't pee on you this time."

"You... fucker... I..." She grumbles under her breath with a reddening face.

I know she wants to curse me out again because of her obvious disgust with my actions, the way she can't look me in the eye, it's all too hilarious. I almost don't even hate her anymore, making her pissed off is just too much fun. Ahh piss... my cunt feels heavenly right now.

Eris does something that surprises me though, she strips completely out of her suit. God even her yellow bra and her recently acquired red panties are almost completely caked in mud. She swiftly takes off her dirty underwear and begins to clean herself off by forcefully pulling out any big hunks of dirt that she can find from her coat. Man seeing her perky pink nipples and pussy when she's much closer to me than the day at the waterpark... it takes alot of willpower for me to not start teasing my pissing pussy right now.

What? You think I'm a pervert? Pfft.

I finish urinating, despite my bladder's complaints there wasn't much in there, and wipe my cunt dry with my hands. Hey, my urine is cleaner than the nasty ass mud ok? Fuck off. I see her pick up one of the potions that are left intact on the shelves and pull out the stopper with her teeth. She quickly rubs some on her legs and torso in an attempt to clean off her filthy body. I have to say she's an idiot for pouring a random magical liquid on herself... what if it hurt her or something? Bah not that I care. If Eris gets... self-deleted, even I couldn't stop that one. I'm sure Father wouldn't yell at me for her stupidity... I hope.

I should probably cover my cunt back up and stop squatting instead of gazing at Eris... that would be a good idea. I stand back up and make my way towards my boots and pants... when I notice something... very odd.

"Hey uh Eris?" I point and stare... but not at her tits surprisingly.

"Yeah Vaine?" She tilts her head with her usual annoyed tone.

"The potion you poured all over yourself is glowing..." I state plainly.

She looks down at her hands and then at the potion flask, the liquid she drenched herself with is indeed emitting a soft purple light... and it's spreading across her body quickly.

"What the fuck is it doing?!" She yells at what may as well be a brick wall.

She screams in panic like a damn lunatic on crack or something. I really can't help but smirk... really as I just said, she did this to herself. However, what actually happens to her is not nearly as bad as she thinks. Within a few seconds, the magenta aura covers her entirely and she begins to shrink. No not just her tits that she slathered with the now infamous boob cream, literally her whole body. The entire process takes about a minute and when it finally stops, she's about the size of a Barbie doll.

Man I really got life in plastic on the brain today hmm? I wonder why...

Anyway, surprisingly enough I can hear her when she talks, her voice is just unbelievably squeaky like a certain famous chipmunk trio. I'm not gonna make a dozen jokes about it I'm just telling you right now.

"Well... it could have been worse." I retort as she finally stops shrinking.

"God that was fucking awful." Eris' bitching is somehow cuter when its not her usual annoying voice. It's still an ear bleeding squealing mind you but now it's at least... tolerable.

I should probably put my pants back on hmm? I was almost considering giving them to Eris before she shrunk down but she's obviously about a thousand sizes too small right now. Man even if she kept her clothes on... would she have shrunk out of them and been naked right now anyway? Who knows.

The goblins are still banging on the door by the way, yup, the horny fuzzballs are still there.

She uses her alchemy to make a knife, least I think that's what it is... it's so small. She walks over to the red panties I gave her... and cuts a hole right into the cleaner bits... two, no three pieces of fabric. One is quite long and thin, like an obnoxiously long rectangle, and the other two are literally squares with maybe two slightly longer parallel sides. Ok ok fine it's technically three rectangles then ok? Piss off...

I would piss off but I just did a few minutes ago so... yeah the pee jokes are getting lamer every chapter.

Ahem, Eris makes a makeshift bra out of the long and thin fabric, it's literally just a scarf around her breasts but whatever. Sarashi wrap! that's what it's called... least in Japan. Durr. Around her booty and kitty cat cunty she makes a simple loincloth in much the same manner, binding certain parts of the fabric all together with alchemy. Man for as shitty as she is at combat her crafting speed is... quicker than mine it seems. She's still dirty in most places but at least she's not nude. Bah I'd rather she stayed naked to be fair, least then I'd have something to look at.

I finally get my pants and boots on, took me long enough I know, and I begin training my alchemy today. I ask Eris if she wants me to make her water so she can get cleaned up but she just flips me a teeny tweety bird. Between the two of us, it's not long before we deconstruct most of the trash around here, all in all giving me about fourteen million trillion atoms to work with right now. Yeah not many I know.

Hmm... what to start learning...

To recap, I can make water, apples, oranges, carrots, potatoes, a pickaxe-hammer hybrid tool, iron throwing knives, plain white undies and a loincloth. Yeah I guess I didn't mention the loincloth before, oopsie. Basically if my pants and panties get destroyed by my acidic pissing ability... I wanted something simple... to cover myself up down there with. Does that sentence work? I think so. Moving on.

The horny pee brain part of me wants to just mess around and learn different colored panties, whereas the logical part of my mental consciousness tells me that I should probably learn to make a canteen of some sort. Yeah right now I can make water but I have nothing to put it in unless I bring something with me. It looks like my finger is urinating when I create it, although I can only make like ten to fifteen droplets a second on average... so not an intensely orgasmic stream or anything.

After a couple hours of trial and error, I've got the basic shape and size of it down, now all that's really left is to make the material uniformly strong enough so it doesn't leak... oh and I need to make some kind of lid or stopper for it too.

Yeah it's still the first round. Guess if we're not gonna kill those goblins outside no one will hmm? Oh well.

It's around this time when I notice Eris out of the corner of my eye, I've not been paying much attention to her to be fair. She's made herself a little camp of sorts, like a firepit and a deck chair. I guess she cooked herself some kind of meal. Why alchemize raw meat? Wouldn't cooked meat be easier? Maybe not to be fair I've only made fruits and veggies so far so I can't really judge.

But yeah I didn't notice her because of her campsite. I thought she was dancing or something at first but no... she's... squirming. I've seen that before... in bed. She has to pee, pretty badly from the look of it.

"You know you can piss at anytime right?" I tilt my head in confusion. "There's no reason to put yourself through so much pain, unless you like it of course."

"Fuck off you stupid perverted freak!" Eris' voice squeaks in anger and she begins to squirm around even more. "I'll never stoop to your level!"

"What are you a child?" I tease with a slightly bitter tone. "Just urinate in a corner or something, You're shorter than a fat rat right now it's not like I'd hear you on the opposite end of the basement..."

"Nngh!" She groans and turns away from me, folding her arms over her chest as she tries to control herself.

Man she's really stubborn hmm. I admit, seeing Eris being desperate to pee... doesn't help my horniness. In fact in only makes it worse. My pussy is buzzing as my imagination starts to wonder what she must be feeling right now. Is that awful of me? Probably but I don't care. She's been the worst to me, the least I can do is just fantasize ok?

"I'm not gonna help you piss you know." I add with a slight smirk. "You're a... big girl you can go on your own."

"Ugh..." She groans once again in a very un-ladylike manner as she squeezes her thighs together in a vain attempt to null the pain.

Honestly... even though she's a little bitch, right now quite literally, she's so damn hot. Seeing her squeeze her hands against the front of her makeshift loincloth as she sits there in self-inflicted agony is very arousing. My lower half involuntarily shifts and squirms, but not because I have to pee. It's because my cunt is begging for attention right now, I can feel it dampening by the second. Part of me hates my body for getting turned on by a woman I loathe but the other part of me doesn't have many shits to give.

Just when I think the day cannot get any better, apart from watching mini-Eris urinate eventually of course, something else happens in that moment that's great for me but uhh, probably terrible for her. Once Eris notices it happening too she panics once again.

"Fuck! Shit... ahh it hurts!" Eris starts screaming again as she begins to grow back to her normal size.

The process is just as agonizingly slow as before though. It doesn't take long at all for her loincloth, sarashi wrap and chair to break and rip all around her, leaving her nude once again. Oh god naked and desperate... what a beautiful sight. She clenches her hands over her vulva as her eyes shut tight and she starts to move around, squirming in intense agony.

Her back arches and her legs are trembling, clearly struggling to hold herself together, and she's pushing against her slit in a vain attempt to stop it from pissing. Her moans of pain are surprisingly erotic as her voice returns to normal.

As for myself well, I can't take it anymore. I sit on the edge of one of the wooden platforms, unbuckle my pant's belt and unbutton them. I slide a hand deep into my black panties and start to ruthlessly tease my burning pussy. F-Fuck I need this right now. My other hand cups one of my breasts and begins to lightly massage it, which causes the pleasure to spread throughout my body rather quickly.

It's so wrong to get off to watching Eris in such a predicament, yet it is also so satisfying. Her boobs are so perky and her butthole is probably so damn tight right now... the mere thought of it causes me to rub my entire vulvic cornucopia at a faster rate. My pussy feels so damn good...

"Mngh!" Eris moans louder than before. "Ahh... ah!"

She opens her eyes and sees me masturbating, I notice her blush at first but she quickly turns away as if she's suddenly feeling... relieved?

"P-Pervert..." She mutters softly. "Stop that..."

I continue to finger my cunt as my other hand continues to toy with my nipple through my clothing. Her gaze lingers on my groin area and she bites her lower lip. Her pink tail is twitching furiously, she's clearly near her limit.

"Fuuckk! Noo!" Eris yells as a gush of golden nectar leaves her urethra.

I see the juices spray out of her and flow through her fingers, covering them with her strong scent. It's all so... fucking... hot. I let out a little gasp as I rub my clitoris faster. My hands begin to speed up and I feel a warm sensation spreading in my abdomen. God she looks so good when she's peeing. Almost makes me forget how much of a dumb bitch she really is. Almost.

Eris continues to watch me while pissing profusely, she bites her lip as she watches my fingers probe my pussylips. My breathing begins to get louder as my legs begin to spasm. Fuck fuck fuck... yes! Oh god I'm gonna cum!

"Ahh! D-Damn. Ffff..." I shout out loudly as my hips jerk upward, a large wet patch spreads around the crotch of my pants from the absurd amount of girlcum I squirt out.

I'm panting heavily as I try to catch my breath, gah this climax feels so good right now... I think I'm peeing again, even if only a little bit. Aaaah fuck. After almost a minute, Eris has finally stopped urinating and she's still sitting on the ground, staring at me... with her hands drenched in piss.

"S-Such a dirty pervert..." Eris mumbles under her breath.

"It..." I try to speak fluently, but my post-orgasmic brain stumbles a bit as I remove my still dripping wet hand from my pants. "It's your own fault for not peeing earlier..."

"Tch." Eris sighs. "That's... that's not... I made a mistake."

Wow. Eris actually admitted that she fucked up. Is this real life? What the hell is happening today? I never expected to hear her confess to something like that... ever. I really should probably say something here but I have no idea what to say.

"Why do you hate me so much?" I ask as I button up my pants then put my belt back together.

"I-" Eris begins talking but then looks away. "I don't hate you..."

"Then why did were you so bitchy and pompous when we first spoke like a week after we all met Father?" I retort as I stare her in the eyes.

"I heard about you from Jason... how lucky you were in your life before we were Reapers." Eris looks at me coldly. "You act like the world betrayed you and that you had it so tough. You were lying to yourself though. And since then, everything's been handed to you on a silver platter. It's gotten to the point where just looking at you irritates me."

I cross my arms across my covered breasts, something that this bitch cannot due at the moment due to well, being naked.

"You know nothing about me. Everyone... hated me in high school. I was an outcast and treated like shit by everyone even the damn teachers and ignored by my family, it was like I was invisible to them." I'm the one getting bitchy now I admit.

Eris just stares at me for a moment or two before she sighs.

"You know nothing about me either dumbass." Eris practically spits at me. "You at least had a warm home and three meals a day. You were able to finish school... well you would have, had we not become Reapers but still, your life was on track to be... not complete shit. I cannot say the same for me."

My expression softens but only slightly as Eris continues. "My Father was an abusive fucker and my Mother was just a worthless shell of a woman who did nothing but drink herself to sleep and watch TV all day. He got me pregnant at sixteen... and kicked me out of the fucking house. I was forced into a group home for troubled teens while having a god damn incest baby in my womb."

Fuck... damn. I made a dark joke about Eris earlier... now I feel like shit about it. I didn't know ok? Otherwise I'd not have even thought of it. I'm evil but I'm not that fucked up in the head. Shit.

"Late into my second trimester I knew something was wrong with the baby." Eris' face suddenly turned grim. "I forced myself to go to a nearby hospital... where they did a few tests and found that... that his heart had stopped. I hated my father for all the times he raped me... but I still wanted this child to have a chance at life. I planned on leaving him on an orphanage doorstep after I gave birth like a god damn Hollywood movie... but it never happened."

... I was speechless. I couldn't really say anything.

"I went back to the group home, got myself two jobs at once for pitiful wages, saved up enough money for about six months and then moved into a shitty apartment. I tried looking for other work but I just went from one trash job to the next, barely getting by. Life got better when I was twenty-two and met my future husband but... before then my life was horrible. That's what I mean when I say that life has been kind to you. Because it fucking has."

"I'm sorry." All I can seem to say is those two clich words that usually mean jack shit. "I didn't know."

"No one knows. And you'd better not tell anyone... not even your girlfriend." Eris snaps at me but I let it slide.

"I won't, don't worry." Is my simple response... or it would have been if I didn't continue talking. "Is that why you have the horny beam power?"

"Excuse me? What the actual fuck Vaine?!" Eris is more upset than ever... I don't blame her since I didn't explain myself.

"I mean... you have it so that when you fight a nasty man you can uhh... give them an involuntary erection, which in turn will make it easier to cut off their filthy dick with your clawed gloves... before you kill them slowly as they're writhing on the ground?"

She just looks at me with a stupefied and dumbfounded look on her face... but at least she doesn't look angry anymore.

"How the fuck do you come up with this depraved shit?" Eris asks me with a straight face.

"Uhh..." I look away awkwardly. "I mean... that's what I would use it for... if I was uh, unfortunate enough to grow up as fucked up as you did."

With those words we kind of just stop talking. I use alchemy to craft Eris a very thin towel of sorts so she can at least try to dry her cunt and hands off. It takes me about ten minutes to make another sarashi wrap for her boobies so I guess I can do that now... along with the canteen I learned earlier, as misshapen as it is right now. Eris takes the last fresh pair of panties from my bag, blue if you cared, and puts them on after she dries her special places off. She spends the next couple of hours wearing nothing else but them... and my crude boob scarf.

The goblins.... or furry pervert Sentinels or whatever are still barking at the barred door so... today just ends up being a single round in the arena.

As I would find out later on, only Eris, Jason, Toshia and I survived the day. So for Sorcha, Paisou and Axel the day went by really quickly, since you know they were deactivated and unconscious for most of it.

Well anyway, that night I was surprisingly not in the mood for kinky lesbian sex. When Sorcha asked me why, I told her that I saw Eris piss out a river today and she got super jealous in her own cute way, down to the clich "I wish I could have seen that too!" line. But whatever, we just cuddled tonight and slept naked, which was more than good enough for me after hearing that grim story.

I kept my promise to Eris' and didn't spill her dark secret past. I uhh, have had a lot to think about today. About life and shit.

I guess I'm not doing all that badly after all.

~~Tuesday December 16, 2008~~

Today is... well, just another day in the arena. Or is it?

Yeah it kinda is. Although... right now... this is very likely gonna just turn into another training day where Sorcha and I just hide... and fuck. What? You want me to explain? Ugh, fine... damn readers and needing context.

Today the arena is a barren desert. Yes a dome covered sand pit surrounded by the actual Nevada Desert, I appreciate the irony of that one. What do you mean that's not how to use that word? Piss off.

Anyway, today we're fighting primitive ass lizardmen. Is that racist? Probably. Anyway I don't really need to describe them beyond that, most of them have two tails but besides that they're like the fantasy monsters of some Dungeons and Dragons campaign brought to life.

Regardless they've been uhh, annoying to fight. Not because of their weapons, tactics or teamwork, oh no no no... because of this fucking desert heat.

What's that? Heat sucks for everyone? Well it's worse for me motherfuckers because I'm literally covered in black fur... mostly. And if you know middle school science, which I hope you do (shout out to my one fan who's secretly a Flat Earther), you'd know that the color black... absorbs heat. So even when I'm wearing a white hijab, a thin thobe, pale sandals and yes even a white bra and panties... I still sweat bricks and feel all gross underneath my clothing.

And to top it all off, gravity is much higher in the arena today... I'm guessing it's around 4-5G but I really couldn't tell you exactly. Thanks to the absurd training for these past seven weeks, I've mostly gotten used to 2G and even 3G. Any higher than that though, even walking becomes an absolute chore. I hate it.

As I said, just an annoying state to fight in. Thankfully I only have to kill like four lizardmen before I find Sorcha, who's basically wearing the exact same thing I am. What? Sorcha wears clothes? When we train in the arena... yeah she does... otherwise she's still the nudist that I love.

Regardless, we meet up and plan on spending the next round together. There are still well over thirty enemies left according to the scoreboard so... guess we'll be together for a bit at least. We brought alot of water with us in our backpacks so we're good there. After about twenty minutes of mindless desert wandering... we get lucky and find a small mouth to a cave.

Once we make our way inside, it's quite spacious honestly. The rocks in here are dull and gray, pretty much the opposite of the baked sandstones outside. Scattered bits of sunlight are coming in through the ceiling and at the back of the cave... is a pool of crystal clear water.

"Help me with the entrance hun." Sorcha says, snapping me out of my brief daze.

"Oh yeah, sure." I reply.

We place our backpacks alongside an inner wall along with our hijabs and get to work. I should mention that for the past couple of weeks, Sorcha and I have trained our alchemy together, she's really helped me out a lot. I got a skill that she recommended to me to aid with another skill I plan to get later, it just has numerous beneficial side effects that I didn't realize at the time. But anyway she told me about an ability called Cognitive Processing. It basically allows me to do math a lot faster in my head than a normal anthro ever could, thus it increases the rate at which I can make stuff with alchemy due to the calculations being more automated to my AI core and much easier to execute.

I also got Cognitive Acceleration, which allows me to do problem solving tasks a lot quicker. When combined with my super reflexes, these skills have an effect that's kind of like Spider-Man's spidey sense, sort of... minus the like slowing down of time or whatever, it still feels the same as it always has. I don't know it's hard to explain beyond that. Can you tell I was a Spider-Man fan in my life before all this?

Anyway, moving on.

What're we making you may be asking? A barricade. Yup. We're blocking off most of the entrance to the cave with freshly crafted scrap metal, some reinforced metallic foundations and some absurdly strong glue that Sorcha alchemizes to hold it all together. It's usually enough to keep the primitive Sentinels at bay when we make a camp in a closed off space in order to like rest and stuff.

Or in this case you know... have filthy lesbian sex. Now you're caught up, again. Hooray!

"But V..." I hear you asking. "Isn't making love in the arena dangerous? What if you get teleported out after all the enemies die, thus causing you to leave all your discarded clothes behind? You won't be able to get em back for the rest of the day due to Father's strange clothing rules you know."

Yeah that's a risk I'm willing to take. And it's happened once already I'll have you know. Spending the rest of the day nude in the desert would suck but uhh... Sorcha clearly doesn't care. Quite frankly neither do I. We're both way too horny today. I'm craving her badly right now. My pussy feels like it's melting off of it's hinges... if it had any. I'm sure she feels the same.

When we're finished the barricade looks more like a door, probably because Sorcha made a door frame and everything and also made some rather large bolts on the side that we can blockade the "door" with. Damn her alchemy is way faster than mine, her Cognitive Processing is likely a much higher level since she's had it for a while.

By the time we're done we're a bit sweaty, so we take yet another drink of water and I make a couple apples and oranges for us to eat as a pre-sex snack of sorts.

"So what'd you have in mind?" I ask her.

"Mmm..." Sorcha has a slightly devious look on her face as she kisses me tenderly. "Just what mommy knows you like..."

Both of our thin robes make a light "Wuoosh" sound as they hit the ground, due to the higher gravity, leaving us both wearing naught but our sweat stained underwear. Making out in higher G? Yeah it's the same as making out in lower G, except that our tongues have to work extra hard to tease each other. I'm gonna stop referencing the gravity now. I wanna focus on sucking on my girlfriend's facehole ok? Thank you.

We continue to just stand there making out, our arousal building all the while. We're both panting from the heat both sexual and literal, I can feel my panties begin to dampen even more and I'm sure Sorcha's getting wetter by the second. I feel her tail brush up along my waist, her soft fur makes me feel so fuzzy.

I hear Sorcha moan softly as my hands begin to feel around her body. I take her large covered breasts into my hands and start to massage them softly, running my fingers over her smooth white titty fur. They're so big and full, just like her ass... god I really am a lucky girl hmm?

She laughs lightly as she pulls away from my lips, but she's still standing right up against me. "Vaine, you know what I want right? You know what I really want."

"I know..." I smirk at her. "What do you want mommy?"

"Mmm..." She moans a little bit more as I squeeze her breasts harder. "I want you to eat me out until I can barely stand."

"Mmhmm." I moan as I feel my pussy begin to tingle, the urge to just finger myself right here and now is very tempting. But I hold back. I'm a good girl, I promise mommy.

Sorcha turns around and supports her upper body by placing her hands on the cave wall. Her panty covered butt and swishing tail is so intoxicating right now.

"Be a good girl Vaine..." She whispers sensually.

I waste no time pulling her panties down to her knees and giving her bare ass a nice hard slap, causing her to yelp and then giggle. Her yellow furred butt jiggles wonderfully when I do so. Her pale pussy and tight asshole are dripping wet and clearly waiting for me. My body moves on it's own accord as I start to lower myself down.

"Mmm... yes please eat me out dear." Sorcha purrs and then moans when she feels my tongue poke at her sensitive love button.

I've got her juicy cunt completely exposed and ready to be toyed and played with, the musky scent of her arousal is so sweet and completely overtakes me. My nipples harden against my bra as I start to lick and nibble on her pussy lips, causing her to groan softly. I tease her privates with my tongue, moving repeatedly from her clitoris all the way up to her asshole, making sure to take my time and savor every inch of her womanhood and anal rim.

I admit, I may be paying more attention to her anus than her cunt right now, it's hard for me to tell to be honest, I can't get enough of either. Both of them are so soothing to my inner soul that I feel like I'm eating a nice home cooked meal in the middle of the harsh winter.

"God your pussy tastes so fucking good momma." I roleplay as I kiss her butt cheek and the small of her back, while she lets out a cute little laugh. "Your butthole is delicious too."

"Vaine, please don't call my ass delicious." Sorcha says with a grin. "Unless you plan on eating it for dinner of course."

"Of course I'll eat it!" I retort playfully.

I begin to finger her pussy with one hand, while holding her right asscheek in my other one. Her anus winks at me slightly, a telltale sign that it's time to continue what I started. I bring my lips to her butthole, giving it a soft kiss before opening and letting my tongue enter her tight sphincter.

"Mm!" Sorcha moans loudly. "Yes... please eat my ass... oh your fingers... ffff..."

I start to move my hand faster in her cunt, making her vaginal tunnel slicker and slicker. The juices that were already dripping down her thighs begin to coat my wrist and forearm in a nearly steady stream of girlcum.

"Ahhh!" She gasps. "Don't... stop... ahh fuck..."

I flick my tongue back and forth lustfully, making sure to cover every millimeter of her butthole with my saliva. I've become so enamored with her anus right now that I can feel my own cunt enflamed from desire. My pussy is starting to make lewd sloshing noises against my sopping wet panties as I move my leaking vagina from side to side, my clit is burning and aching from neglect. I desperately want to masturbate right now... but I know mommy will take care of me once I finish.

"Faster..." Sorcha orders quietly. "Harder... faster..."

I can feel her cunt quiver and her gloryhole clench as I pump three of my fingers into her muff while my thumb ruthlessly teases her clitoris. Her gleaming yellow butthole tightens around my tongue, her sexual scent which was fairly strong just a few minutes ago is now seeming to eclipse everything else. I hear her breathing become even more erratic and irregular and her moans grow in intensity.

"Vaine!" She yells and groans loudly, her legs buckling a bit as her anal rim squeezes around my tongue like it doesn't want to let me go.

Her juices shoot out of her snatch like a waterfall and her entire body shivers in delight. Her entire vagina spasms around my fingers and she lets out a high pitched cry of ecstasy.

"Ff-fuck... fuuuuck." Sorcha moans as she holds onto the wall for dear life.

My fingers are completely soaked in her nectar as I continue to eat her ass. Her sphincter relaxes again and her pussy is oozing so much fluid that I'm pretty much bathing in her girlcum at this point.

"S-So good..." Sorcha mumbles, as her legs give out and she slowly rests on the ground with her butt hanging in the air.

I pull my tongue out of her anus and lick my wet hand lustfully. A large dark patch is visible in the middle of my white panties and a gleaming trail of girlcum is visible between my inner thighs, a few droplets are even dripping onto the cave floor.

It doesn't take long for Sorcha to recover from her sexual daze and she crawls over to me on all fours after pulling her bra off. She's so damn sexy... I love her so much. I yank off my bra in return, finally my breasts can breathe again.

"I think it's time we made you feel good too sweetie." She smirks at me as her tail twitches happily, her yellow slit still dripping furiously I might add.

"Yes please..." I beg as she crawls over to me like she's filming a doggystyle porn video and places her nose directly above my bladder.

"I'm gonna get you so damn wet..." Her breath feels so hot right now. "Mmm so wet..."

Her soft mouth licks and chews around the wet areas of my panties, causing my entire body to shudder with delight. She moves her long tongue up and down, making me pant and squirm with anticipation. She nibbles on the outskirts of my vulva and I can't help but let out a erotic moan. I can feel the drool dripping from her mouth onto my cunt, making my panties even wetter and warmer than they already were.

I start to shove my crotch against her face, feeling her nose press up against my clitoris sends waves of pleasure to my brain instantly.

"I think it's time to take these off." Sorcha giggles and then starts to slowly pull down my undies. God even her doing that right now is causing me to go crazy.

"Aaaahh..." I cry out lewdly as she peels off my panties, exposing my engorged clitoris and my dripping wet black pussy to the humid subterranean air.

She continues her naughty assault on my vaginal lips, covering her face in my slutty juices. My hips involuntarily jerk forward, forcing my darkened slit into her eager mouth even more than before. My hands rub around and tease my tits, giving my nipples the attention they need right now. I bite down on my lower lip as I feel her tongue enter my cunt and start to lick my inner walls hungrily.

"Oh god!" I moan loudly. "Fuck... yeah..."

Sorcha takes the chance to look up at me, our eyes lock and her smile turns sinister.

"Mmm..." She coos. "You look so desperate right now hun... your honeypot is twitching so much..."

"It feels so good mommy..." I can't help but be a little flirty. "Your tongue is so fucking good."

"Good girls should be rewarded when they're nice... but you've been naughty today." She teases, before getting behind me and bringing her lips back down south.

I feel her tongue travel down towards my dumptruck, she softly inserts two of her fingers inside my butthole as she licks and nibbles at my anal rim.

"F-Fuck..." I scream out as she pumps into my ass with her digits, rubbing her saliva into my asshole, making her way inside me. "Ahh..."

She begins to finger fuck me harder, her tongue presses hard against my sphincter, causing me to shiver, my vaginal muscles start to clench and release themselves involuntarily like it's struggling to breathe. I cannot hold out much longer...

"Ahhh! Fuck!" I can barely contain myself. "I'm gonna cum! Ahhh!"

She thrusts her fingers into me like a jackhammer and eats out my ass like it's her last meal. My mind is blank, my brain is filled only with lustful thoughts. My body begins to shake, my hips jerk and twitch, I can't help but let out an erotic cry of pleasure as my vaginal fluids gush out of me in a warm wave of orgasmic bliss.

"FUCK!" I scream out passionately. "FUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!"

Sorcha continues to finger me throughout my climax, her other hand groping and teasing my buttcheeks and anus, making me feel so much pleasure.

"Ahh fuck... Sorcha..." I cry out, feeling my cunt convulse with ecstasy.

She brings her lips up to mine, we kiss passionately for a minute or two, before we take a big drink of water from our canteens. We stuff our clothes into our backpacks so we don't lose them after the round. Afterwards we go to the pool of water to relax and manage to find a nice spot to sit where the water just barely comes up to our breasts, leaving everything above our nipples exposed and the rest hidden below.

I'm not gonna lie, even after a nice orgasm and a refreshing drink of water I'm still super horny. I can tell Sorcha feels the same way too. Her gaze has been on me, making my body tingle with a sensation of arousal since the moment we sat down in this natural hot tub. Her breasts are covered in sweat and her hair is a little messy, but she looks so damn hot right now.

Even so, we know we don't wanna push our luck right now, the round is bound to be over soon and while the sex is awesome we'd both rather not fight naked in the rounds after this one. As it stands we'd have just enough time to grab our backpacks as soon as we hear the end-of-round buzzer before we get teleported out. We'll make love a lot tonight anyway I'm sure judging by how ravenous we've been today so far.

So, instead of fucking, disappointing I know, we talk instead.

"You've really been making good progress with your alchemy skills Vaine." Sorcha states happily.

"Really?" I tilt my head, surprised. "I feel like I've been going as slow as ever... I'm so far behind what you and Jason can do."

"I know you feel like you're not keeping up but you're doing much better than you think." She says while smiling. "You just have to be patient, and be a little more confident in yourself."

"Yeah yeah I've always had a problem with that..." I sigh, looking away.

"Hey, you're a much better anthro than you think, and I love you for who you are." Sorcha rubs my thigh underneath the water lightly.

Careful girl you be getting awfully close to my kitty down there.

"Sorry I've been kinda bitchy this month..." I try to change the subject as I enjoy the leg attention. "I'm still just... working through some stuff. Paisou and I still haven't talked much since that day at the waterpark... I'm just worried that I fucked up something and that I won't be able to fix our friendship."

"Vaine, what happened with Paisou is just how it is." Sorcha shakes her head. "If anything it's my fault for pushing him too far... I'm sorry."

"No no it's ok you've already apologized... you don't need to anymore." I stammer a bit as my shoulders slump. "Sorry if I ruined the sexy mood I just-"

Sorcha plants a kiss on my lips and holds it there for a few seconds. Ahh... something so simple can feel so nice.

"Vaine, you did nothing wrong." Sorcha says in a soft yet determined voice. "If you just give him space and are honest when he's ready to talk, that's really all you can do right now."

"Yeah..." I sigh deeply. "I know."

"Let's just relax..." Sorcha coos. "The round should be over soon... but..."

Sorcha kisses me again and we inhale each other's scent for a couple minutes.

"Let's just... piss away our worries." She smirks. God she says the word piss like it's a divine goddess we should be worshipping or something.

We both continue to smile as we release our bladders. God... peeing in a pool feels so uniquely liberating. As the water around our privates quickly warms up even more, we begin to toy with each other's nipples softly. We continue to casually make out while enjoying the sensation of relieving ourselves, god I've really made her into a kinky woman haven't I?

We're completely absorbed in our own little world until the round ends and we grab our backpacks seconds before we teleport. I do my best to dry myself off in the few minutes I have between rounds and get dressed once again in my thin desert garments. Today is going to be a long and annoying day... but at least the sex has made it better.

~~Friday, December 26th, 2008~~

Well... here we are, Christmas is upon us or whatever. What do you mean it was yesterday? Geez it's one day off because of our schedule, you guys and gals already know we only have Fridays off right?

Regardless... today is going to be a great day... I can feel it. And I can feel my bladder bulging too as I do a potty dance. Once again Sorcha and the gang have set up a unique sexy thing for us to do today, well not that it has taken much time apparently but you know. We have been holding since this morning, we didn't have our wake-up pee... and it's already late into the afternoon.

To top it all off, Eris is here with us as well and she claims she's 'playing fair' and hasn't urinated today either. Whatever girl... good luck holding out without our bladder skills. Bah, whatever, I'm sure Sorcha or Jason or whoever managed to convince her to get the Iron Bladder skill, this holding contest wouldn't be a very fun three way if she didn't have it.

So yeah the three female Reapers are all together. We're in the backstage of some theatre... wearing nothing but a pair of panties, knee high socks and a cheap Santa hat. Yes we're all topless right now. I admit we all look sexy as fuck... especially Sorcha. Her blue panties really just compliment her yellow furred body perfectly. Eris is wearing white undies and I have purple ones on but you all don't care about the details right?

Regardless, what are we doing backstage you may be asking? Good question, I'm not entirely sure. God I really havta pee... but I don't wanna lose to Eris. I don't have to wait around very long though as Axel walks through the red curtain and tells us that everything is ready. We follow him to the brightly lit stage... and see three... basically BDSM chairs on it. In the audience seats Toshia and Jason are sitting down, Paisou is the only Reaper not here. I assume he didn't wanna come...

I'll uhh, have to try talking to him again after this, see if I can finally get to the bottom of this rift that seems to be between us. But... ahh fuck my pussy... that will be for after. Axel instructs us to sit in the missionary position on the weird looking recliner chairs, so we do. We're basically laying down on them, with our knees far apart in the air and our feet practically touching our butts. Between our embarrassing positions and the bright spotlights that are shining on all three of us, nothing is being left to the imagination. Toshia and Jason have come up from the seats and are now tying Eris and I up, Axel is working on getting Sorcha bound and ready.

Toshia tightens my ankles and wrists to the chair so I can't really move. I mean I could escape with my skills if I wanna but ahh fuck... this is a kinky sexy public display, so fleeing won't be on my mind. God my pussy is on fire right now... we've all been holding for what like... thirteen hours almost now? I dunno but it's awhile... Fuck fuck fuck I wanna pee but I also want to put on a good show for the anthro men around us.

Except for Jason. He's already seen me piss, a lot.

... Ok I won't mind showing him too, maybe just a little bit.

"Alright ladies." Axel has suddenly started to act like a game show host for some reason. "The contest is officially starting. Hold onto your cooter juice for as long as possible. "

Cooter juice? That's new.

"The winner will get a trophy." He holds up a cheap looking silver trophy that literally looks like a pissing pussy... damn if he made that with Alchemy that's actually pretty detailed. "And the losers will get... shamed."

Sorcha and I are taking that shitty trophy to our room Eris! You can't stop us! Ehhehe... ahh fuck fuck... even laughing on the inside is causing my bladder to scream at me. It doesn't take long for them all to sit back down in their front row audience seats... and whip out their dicks. Well, Axel and Toshia do, Jason just sits there with his half chub looking around awkwardly. Come on man, we've all seen your tiny billy willy before.

Watching the two buff men slowly stroking themselves to my painfully arousing agony is uhh, quite hot not gonna lie. Sorcha is moaning softly beside me and I can tell that Eris, on the opposite side of the stage, is quite horny and uncomfortable as well. Dammit I wanna touch myself too! Ahh shi- it hurts... I can feel my vagina getting wetter by the second as I start to leak girlcum.

"Oh fuck..." I can't help but let out a lewd moan.

"Mmm." Sorcha groans, as her cunt starts to ooze love juice into the inner folds of her blue panties. "You're so damn sexy right now..."

"So are you." I reply warmly, my eyes looking down at her thick, full breasts, her stiff yellow nipples pointing straight up at the ceiling.

"Tch." Eris scoffs, her hips move a little bit. "As if you can even call this sexy..."

"Oh shut up bitch." I growl at her.

"What was that?" Eris shouts in a mocking tone.

"You... ahh heard me." I groan. "Just hold in your piss for Jason and I'm sure he'll fuck you silly as a reward afterwards."

Eris simply dismisses my comment and all three of us just continue the holding contest for awhile. I'm starting to get really sweaty and my legs are shaking more often than not. Gah, my arousal is sky high right now and looking at Axel and Toshia slowly wank themselves off isn't helping. The pain in my groin is also getting much worse, it's not unbearable by any means but it is really uncomfortable. I need to concentrate or I'm gonna piss hard, my bladder is begging for relief by this point.

Sorcha and I have done this "bladder torture" kind of hold before but that was by ourselves... I don't think either of us have held for so long before. My anus feels so tight, like to the point where even the slightest fart would cause my urethra to leak right now.

I feel like my bladder is a balloon being held under a pressurized hose, giving me a fresh understanding of what a bathroom accident feels like in the obnoxiously embarrassing time leading up to the main event. As the pain in my crotch grows over the next few minutes, I begin to squirm around even more and let out a few whimpers... fuck I really wanna pee. But Sorcha and Eris are holding on and look just as erotically miserable as me. Man they're both so hot but I say that all of the time. I just wanna jam my cunt into Sorcha's panty covered pussy and just unleash the tsunami I'm holding back right now. This is both the best and the worst feeling ever. Oh fuck I want to cum.... but piss... ahh the piss is going to burst out of me. I'm gonna get my pussy all wet and sticky... shit.

The more I twitch and move, the more I feel my vagina throb with desire. My clitoris is aching to an alarming degree but I can't touch it. All the anthro men in front of us are masturbating harder now... their cocks are all engorged by this point. They clearly wanna cum too but they're holding themselves back for when we unleash our golden juice. God this is so fucking hot... but it's also horrible... ugh... this feels too good and so bad.

The only thing I can really do to take the edge off is move my bound legs and cunt back and forth, even if only a little bit. I can hear a squishing sound from where my panties are soaked with my girlcum. I feel a trickle of liquid dribble from my urethra, sliding down my buttcheeks and around my anus as it's absorbed into my purple panties.

Fuck fuck fuck I leaked... ahh god it hurts~~~ ugh... fuck...

I hear Sorcha's breathing become rather ragged, I guess mine is too. God she's so sexy... I just wanna finger fuck her badly and have her piss through my digits. Fuck... no no no no I can't think like that right now. Fuck fuck fuck ugh! I try to clear my mind but all that I can do is focus on not peeing.... fff my mind is blank right now. Is this what true enlightenment feels like? Probably not, I'm no monk.

I can feel more warm liquid escaping from my piss hole, the more I shift my crotch around, the more of it leaks out. I can't help it, I have to pee... I can no longer hold it. I cry out lewdly as my inflated bladder snaps and an absolutely insane stream of urine shoots out of me like a cannon. The mere thought that I lost doesn't even enter my head as my legs shake uncontrollably as I feel an amazing amount of relief.

Ugh, I feel like I could cum at anytime.

"Oh dear... ahhh ahhh... Mommy's girl sprung a leak." Sorcha winks at me. How she's still holding is beyond me... but good for her.

I just enjoy the moment. I don't even really notice the fact that Eris is now pissing as well so I guess Sorcha has won. For some reason, Eris panties are now off of her and Jason is pushing her bunched up undies into her urinating snatch over and over again, drenching them in pee. That's actually really arousing I'm not gonna lie. In fact I'm paying so much attention to them and my furiously weeing pussy that I don't notice that Sorcha has been free for abit. She stands in front of me and I begin to pee on her tummy.... ffff fuck... she's so pretty.

"I hope you don't mind... ah.... ugh... but I really have to go... and there's no place to go right now... except for here." Sorcha grins mischievously.

Sorcha barely manages to hold onto her bladder as she puts her shielded cunt over mine... and begins to dry hump my pissing pussy as she screams as she starts to urinate loudly. I guess it's not a dry hump it's a wet hump but you know.

Ahh ahh fuck... her pee is so damn warm... or maybe it's mine who knows. This is seriously the best way to have sex.

By the way, Axel's cock is in Sorcha's face and she's lewdly slurping on it. Toshia offers me his manmeat and I take it into my mouth eagerly. I've stopped paying attention to Jason and Eris right now but I'm sure they're still having fun.

God I love this... the taste of dick, feeling of pissing and getting my slit absolutely drenched by my girlfriend's sweet urine. Is there anything better in life? No. No I don't think so.

Sorcha continues to ride me like she's bouncing on an invisible dildo as we keep jerking Toshia and Axel off with our mouths. The piss doesn't stop soaking into the fur around our privates, making us both sopping and sticky down there. My clitoris is screaming for attention, I need to cum right now... and I think I'm about to I can't hold out anymore.

"Murf!" I mumble, still wanking Toshia off as best I can with my tongue. "mmm... mm nonna cum!"

"Ungh!" He moans and shoots his thick, white gorrilla jizz down my throat. "Fuck... I couldn't hold it any longer... you ladies are too damn good at this."

I choke a little bit as my orgasm starts to rip though me and I swallow every drop of Toshia's baby batter. There's so much... it's so nasty but I'm feeling way too good to complain for more than a fraction of a second.

"Sorcha..." Axel moans as he pulls his cock from her lips. "I can't... ahhh... hold it... any longer!"

Sorcha and are going to get drenched in bear semen, there's no avoiding it. Pretty sure Sorcha cums as well because she shudders uncontrollably and tries to force her snatch into mine like she has a penis of some sort. Yes the non-existant dick swapped between us I'm well aware.

"A-Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!" Axel roars like a... well like a bear as he squirts his gooey sperm onto our bodies.

It's too much for Sorcha and me, we can't take it. Our pissing pussies spray their girlcum everywhere as we continue to climax, drenching the other anthros in our fluid. We can't seem to stop orgasming and the more we pee the more pleasure we're in... like a vicious erotic cycle. Suffice to say, today may have been just as good if not better than our doctor roleplay session a couple months ago.

I don't know how long we fuck for but it's awhile. We spend the day honoring Jesus Christ by just having a naughty sex day, because that makes perfect sense. You can't see me but I'm giving you all a thumbs up right now as I write this.

Soon... we shall have our next end of the month trial, The Test of Wisdom. Once again I have no idea what to expect. I shall just have to do my best as always, I guess. But for now... more love making... and cock sucking.

~~Wednesday December 31st, 2008~~

Welp. The last day of 2008 is here. What can I say about it? It doesn't feel any different than any other day, apart from it being a test day of course. Will it even matter once I'm off of Earth? Doesn't every planet have a unique amount of hours in a day and like days in the fucking year? Blech, sounds messy and a pain in the ass to keep track of time when you travel the galaxy. I guess in the future I'll know how old I am in "Earth Years" but when it all comes down to it, it's just a number. What're numbers anyway? Are those consistent throughout the universe? If not that's going to be another major headache that future me will have to deal with.

Sorry, I ranted abit too long there about nothing, let's move on.

Today, I'm just getting dressed in whatever the fuck is in my closet because it doesn't matter. It's gonna be torn off of me after the exam and after our monthly meal with Father anyway so there's not much of a point in caring about it. Man. This wave of anxiety that I've had for the past what... five weeks... is still here. I'm way too far up my own ass right now to think properly.

Girl, just wear some panties and a shirt and pants it's not hard I mean Jesus Christ, no need to overanalyze everything.

... Blasphemy? Yeah maybe. Once I'm done arguing with myself in my bedroom, I slept alone last night because I wanted a clear head for the test today, I make my way into a pod and well you know the rest of it. Although, instead of an arena today... we all meet in a waiting room of sorts. A bit odd but ok.

I'm like the third one here, Jason and Eris beat me, ouch. But it's cool I'll just uhh, be over here on the opposite side, no need to speak to them. The rest of us arrive in only like four to five minutes and once we're all here, we see a holographic screen light up and Father is on display, wearing one of his many flashy suit as per usual.

"Good morning." Father begins talking formally, I assume he can see us all right now through cameras. "Welcome to the fifth test of twelve, The Test of Wisdom. This exam is simple but you all must do it one at a time. I'm afraid I cannot tell you exactly what the trial is, you must enter the door one at a time."

This kind of reminds me of the introductory test we took before we even lived in the megastructure. That feels like a lifetime ago almost. During that initial exam we...

Power.

Dominate.

Control.

... well, you know.

"The order you enter will be randomized, unless one of you volunteers to go first." Father states plainly.

Two of us raise our hands, of course they did.

"Since Jason raised his hand .14 seconds quicker than Eris, he'll go first, Eris will go second. The rest of the order will be determined by lot."

Yeah I get to go fifth, yay. Doesn't matter anyway, I'll probably be waiting here awhile.

...

That's what I thought anyway but within like six minutes, all four Reapers in front of me finished their tests and it was now my turn to enter the mystery door. Really? Ok... quick one then I guess. Through the door is a rather short and dim hallway of blackened metal. When I get to the testing area I'm quite surprised by what I find.

The room is nothing more than a simple large cube, kind of, with an entrance where I am and one on the opposite side. They're connected by an darkened arched bridge with no railings... and a pitch black pit that just lies ominously below. I can't even see the bottom despite being able to make out the rest of the black room so that's kinda scary.

"Welcome Vaine." I hear Father's voice through some kind of intercom. "The test is simple, it'll be over once you cross the bridge and enter the door on the other side."

Seriously? That's all? What the fuck kinda test is this?

Just when I'm all mentally confused and I take my first step-

~~

I'm on an airplane, more accurately a passenger on said plane. Huh? Wasn't I just- where was I? Was I dreaming?

"What's wrong honey?" I jolt my head up and I see my mother sitting next to me, My real father is asleep in the window seat next to her. "Did you have a bad dream?"

"No I-" I try to speak properly but my voice comes out all strange and squeaky. "I'm fine."

It's only then when I look down and see my body. I'm a child. I can't be any older than like I dunno, seven or eight.

... Is this the trip we took to New York City when I was a little kid? Did we even go there? Wha- What am I doing back here? What was I doing... before? Gah, my head is all cloudy I hate this. I just want to leave the plane but I don't even have the strength to undo my safety belt.

"We'll be landing soon honey." Mom says quietly as she holds my hand.

"Ok." I say meekly and look down.

This isn't real this isn't real this isn't real... what the FUCK is going on?

"Daddy and I both love you sweetie."

~~

I'm snapped back to reality, back on the bridge. I'm breathing heavily and my legs are shaking. Right, the test, ugh, I cannot fall down the chasm, I'm sure that'd be a pain.

'It'll be over once you cross the bridge and enter the door on the other side.' Father's words echo through my mind.

I sigh deeply and concentrate. Guess this is going to be a strange battle of the mind or some shit. Alright, let's go.

I manage to take two more steps, before-

~~

"Oh god you're so damn tight Vaine..." A blue haired hedgehog grunts as he thrusts his cock into my pussy over and over again.

Feels so good... the way he tightly grabs my ass to hold me in place... his thick member filling me up. Ahh I love fucking in the bathroom stalls at school... so filthy... ahh ahh...

I'm riding his dick like there's no tomorrow, my ass thumps up and down on his thin legs as I force my hips up and down on his privates over and over again. Ahhh this is just the best.

...

Wait... who is this? Ahhh ahh fuck... Do I know this anthro? It feels great but uhh... something's wrong...

As my cunt blazes its heat throughout my body I try to concentrate. I never had sex in school... I was a virgin until... until-

~~

Fuck. I come back to the bridge once again, horny and sexually flustered. I think I get it now. This test is about false memories or something right? The quicker I realize that they're not real the more I will breeze through this thing.

I manage to take five more steps, maybe because I solved the riddle, so to speak, sooner.

~~

The warm summer sun glazes itself along my black furred coat and I let out a sigh. Relaxing on the beach is so nice. I open my eyes and see my entire Senior Biology class taking photos of my nude body with their flip phones and smile. This... this is the kind of attention I deserve. These pricks and bitches should be worshipping me like this all the time...

Look at me, look at me more.

My pussy dampens from all the eyes that are glued onto it. I wanna piss in front of these peasants so badly...

... but I stop myself. We never took a class field trip to a nudist beach are you mad? Next please.

~~

Three more steps... halfway across... something.

"God what a fucking loser." I hear a girl in my class whisper behind me.

"I know right? All that drab black make-up, who the fuck goes around looking like a depressed clown all day?" Another girl laughs, she doesn't even bother to lower her voice.

"She just wants attention... and boys never give it to her anyway."

Shut up...

"What a worn down whore she is, I bet she's the easiest fuck in the whole school."

"Oh totally."

SHUT UP SHUT UP! I get it ok?! No one respected me in high school, nobody! I should have just been the slut everyone thought I was... at least I'd have had more fun that way.

~~

Black. Everything is... just the empty void of space. There's nothing around me, except the faint twinkle of distant stars. I can't breathe, can't move... can't hear.

Help me.... please. Someone? Anyone? Hello? Do I even have thoughts anymore? What even am I now? Where am- what-

...

Oh. This is death. I'm dead. This is what awaits all mortals for an eternity... or me if I fuck up and get killed.

This blows. But it's not real... not yet. I'm alive. Get me the fuck outta here.

~~

Warm. Ahh warmth. I'm hugging someone from their back, really tightly. She smells great... her fur is the color of the sun. Sorcha. Sorcha and I are snuggling on some sort of bed... and we're inside a boat's cabin I think since I can feel the calm push and pull of the ocean. That, along with the steady beating of her heart is all I need to hear.

I'm so happy. My nipples, slit and anus feel amazing... I could stay here all day. Fuck everything else just give me an eternity with... with...

I see how it is brain. You're telling me that this won't last forever so I should enjoy it while I can? You're probably right. Still I'd love to rule some planet together with Sorcha, keeping the citizens in line for Father's purposes... but I know that's not going to happen. Some day, when Reapers are the strongest beings in the universe, it'll only take one of us to have control over a single world.

Sorcha... I love you. I'm sorry if I don't tell you that enough.

~~

Before I know it, I'm already on the other side of the massive gap. I did it, I crossed the bridge of nightmares and pipe dreams.

"Twenty two seconds." Father's voice echoes through the cube. "Great job, wait in the room with the others Vaine."

It doesn't take long for me to enter the room with everyone else, minus two. Sorcha is here thankfully so I sit beside her and give her a big hug. She clearly had the same mentally fucked dream as me because she doesn't resist me at all. About three minutes later, Paisou and Axel enter the room and we're all done. Once we all sit down, Father steps through the other doorway.

"Good work everyone." Father speaks warmly. "Today you have all taken the first step to overcoming your worst fears and seen glimpses of your strongest desires. I don't want to discourage you from following your dreams, far from it. Please be assured that they can become reality one day. And as for your fears well, you all know what you must continue to do with those."

Yeah. Suppress them. Duh.

"With that..." Father concludes. "... here are this month's scores. I shall meet you all in the dining hall for lunch in thirty minutes."

Yay the monthly scoreboard.

... Can you tell how much of a sarcastic bitch I'm being right now? Yeah? Good.

Reaper Rank (Test of Wisdom)

Toshia Kamagst - 7 Points

Sorcha Hansal - 6 Points

Vaine Steele - 5 Points

Eris Bellington - 4 Points

Paisou Kayo - 3 Points

Axel Cress - 2 Points

Jason Hawkright - 1 Point

I should be excited right? Well maybe. But the results were basically what I expected and they kind of make sense. Axel didn't do well at all with the two mental tests, oof. But Toshia, Sorcha and I excelled at them so good for us I guess.

Reaper Rank (December 2008)

Toshia Kamagst - 25 Points

Sorcha Hansal - 24 Points

Vaine Steele - 20 Points

Paisou Kayo - 19 Points

Axel Cress - 18 Points

Jason Hawkright - 17 Points

Eris Bellington - 17 Points

To be honest with only a nine point difference between first and cunt-ass last it's a tight race. Not that it's a competition anyway, right Father?

I don't have much else to talk about really. We eat with everyone, Sorcha and I spend the rest of the day alone in the nude just enjoying each other, the usual. And yeah Paisou still doesn't want to talk to me, I'm not sure what his deal is anymore. I'm sure I'll find out soon, hopefully.

Life is... ok right now. I can't complain much since I'm not Eris but I'll bitch like her anyway. Happy New Year mothersuckers.

*065*2023-08-19 08:18

Heya all, Vaine here. I hope you like the newest chapter. Last one was focused a lot on the cocks and double penetration and male domination so I figured this chapter would be the opposite and focus on the vaginal side of humanity. It made sense at the time alright? lol.

I know I'm a hypocrite I said I'd cut down on the sexy scenes and I put three into this chapter xD. But oh well, they came to my head throughout the weeks that I worked on this and I think they turned out ok. As for Eris' backstory yeah, oof. I wanted to sort of explain why she's so envious of Vaine because there really was not much of a reason for it beforehand. Hopefully this segment of the chapter isn't too dark for anyone to handle but I guess we shall see. I think readers who'd have been really bothered by the dark shit probably stopped reading awhile ago anyway.

Regardless I hope you enjoy. Feel free to leave any and all comments of positivity or constructive negativity and know that I appreciate all of you who enjoy this tale.

~Much Love, Vaine Steele

*067*2023-08-20 12:46

{{6 hours ago, orangelion said:

I very much enjoyed it. I hope things get worked out with Paisou. Also congrats on getting to the top half of the leaderboard

}}

I didn't know there was a leaderboard but thanks lol. I'm glad you liked the chapter. I was going to write a Vaine/Paisou scene at the end of chapter 13 where they both talked extensively but I decided to leave it for the next chapter. Maybe if I had less sex scenes I'd have included it lol.

*069*2023-08-20 17:30

{{11 minutes ago, orangelion said:

Talking about the reaper rank.

}}

Oh lol ok. xD

