Vaine, Goddess of Death, Sexual/Peeing Adventures Throughout the Multiverse (Insanely Long Story) - Page 3

Author: Vaine Steele

*058*2023-07-19 03:24

Heya All, Vaine here, been awhile hmm? Sorry about that... I'm a slow writer lol. But alas yeah hello.

This chapter was both fun and annoying to write, it had the most rewrites of any chapter so far for sure. Vaine was a nudist with Sorcha early on for the first new day of training, that didn't really work so I scrapped it. I'd written nearly half of the big sex scene in this chapter... before I deleted it and started over basically. Lastly, Vaine's beetle "battle" was changed a couple of times before I finally settled on "fuck it, I'll just have her pee on it."

On a more positive note, I really enjoyed the character development of Toshia in this chapter, the only Reaper I hadn't really gotten around to talking about much to be fair, besides Eris. But who wants to talk about her?

Ok ok... next chapter... probably lol.

Regardless, the sex scene featured in this chapter is something I've had in my head for months, since I first thought up these new characters actually or shortly afterwards so yeah, long while. It's not as I originally intended it to be but the unexpected outcome of it felt natural to me so I didn't want to force it. Speaking of sex... I'm basically all out of ideas for "unique" sex scenes now for the current point in the story so... I'm gonna cut back on them. Not saying they won't still exist, they will, I'm just going to try and focus more so on the story for abit. Don't worry though I'll still have plenty of nudity, lewd and peeing scenes for us all to enjoy, I'm too much of a lover of all three to not have Vaine piss whenever possible lol.

In conclusion, while writing this chapter as I said in it I could have written so much but I decided to condense it down. Was that a good decision or a bad one? I dunno, you decide lol. I felt like the chapter was absurdly long but that may not be the case. As usual I have a hard time deciding how long to make them and sometimes they end up way shorter than they appeared in my mind. I spent hours editing this monster so hopefully it's fairly clean but if you spot any errors, feel free to point em out and I'll fix em ASAP.

Regardless I hope you all enjoy, feel free to leave all the love and hate in the comments and as per usual, have a piss-filled day. 😉

~Vaine Steele

*060*2023-07-19 18:53

{{5 hours ago, orangelion said:

I really enjoyed this chapter. Both it's plot and it's "plot" are great.

}}

I'm glad you liked it, thank you for your kind words. 🙂

{{5 hours ago, orangelion said:

I'm sure I've mentioned it before, but I don't mind long chapters. Make them as long or as short as you want them to be.

}}

Maybe you did mention it, my memory is bad and I may have forgotten lol.

{{5 hours ago, orangelion said:

I did kinda want to see another Sorcha and Vaine sex scene at the start of the chapter.

}}

Oh we will have way more in the future don't worry. 😛

{{5 hours ago, orangelion said:

Is the Las Vegas reference from Austin Powers?

}}

Maybe? I always thought it came from one of my favorite flash animation series' as a kid but maybe said creator got it from that movie.

*062*2023-07-20 06:47

Ahh, interesting lol.

This was the first time it was mentioned in the series.

$src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/K9F7FKcz80k?list=PL4F761764995C5F15" width="200"

- and it was kinda a staple since then.

*064*2023-08-19 08:12

Chapter 13: The Lesbian Christmas TV Special

~~Thursday December 4th, 2008~~

Sniff sniff... a purple haired goblin with white fur is scouting the forested area around its vicinity. In their grubby little hand is a simple metal pipe that they're using as a makeshift club. They're carrying it around like a sword, despite it being basically useless as a weapon.

"Kriiiiii!"

"Huuuuu..."

"Kriii!"

Two of its... we shall call them acquaintances, seem to have found something. One of them, a green haired goblin, is just standing there staring blankly at something. The other one, a white haired goblin, has a crude stick in one hand while holding a pair of torn yellow panties in its other one. It's only at this time when the purple haired goblin notices what its green companion has been staring at.

There's a woman, with pink fur and a rather thin tail, laying face first on the ground and still moaning and clearly in a daze from whatever put her there. Her fat butt, tight anus and slightly agape pussy are fully visible for all to see, since the white haired goblin already pulled her pants down before he ripped off her underwear. The purple goblin snatches the panties from the white one's hand and rubs its snout across them, taking in the scent... and then sniffs the fallen lady's asscrack.

Yup, they are her panties alright. By this time, the three goblins little erections are evident through their thin loincloths.

Man... Father really programmed them this way hmm? I shouldn't be surprised anymore but, tsk, I click my tongue in annoyance. I flick the fresh blood off of my scythe and carefully slide down the steep rocky hill that Eris fell down. By the time I land loudly on level ground the trio of the furry gobs notice me, but it's too late for them. They were way too distracted by her butt. I can't blame them I suppose.

"Krii!!" They yell at me as the purple haired one drops Eris' panties and prepares to attack.

So pitiful really. I swing my scythe horizontally and easily slice its head off when it gets too close, these guys aren't very good at combat after all. The other two horny goblins scream at me but it's too late. I dash forward and completely eviscerate one, it's innards would spill out if it weren't a robot but it just crackles with electricity as too many of its mechanical parts are destroyed and it simply falls over limp.

"The only one who can rape Eris is me." I whisper a rather dark joke as I slice my scythe vertically, impaling the last goblin through its lower jaw while most of the blade juts out from the top of its skull.

I loosen the dead weight from my scythe with a final wide diagonal swipe and take a deep breath. That's all of them... for now.

"I heard that you know." a bruised and dirt covered Eris grumbles and complains as she picks her panties up off of the ground while still sitting down. "They're shredded. Great. Fucking shit."

"You want a pair of mine?" I say with a proud smirk. "Our butts are almost the same size."

"Why the fuck do you have spares?" Eris practically spits at me as she covers up her snatch with her free hand. "Creep..."

"I just bring a few with me now, I hate going through a day of training with dirty underwear on, especially if it starts off shitty." I rummage through my backpack and throw a red pair at her stupid face. "You should be thankful."

She pulls them off of her disgruntled mug and inspects them. Then she sighs like the bitch she is. "I suppose these'll have to do."

I'm wearing my black pair that's still nice and clean. Hehe, no goblin panty thieves for me to deal with today! Ahem. I turn around while Eris takes off her pants completely and I assume she puts on the fresh pair of undies. I'd like to watch I guess but hey, Sorcha is the only woman I need in my life right now. Ok I may have peaked once or twice.

She's wearing a business suit again by the way, guess she likes to fight in those... tight suit pants and shirt/jacket combo. Whatever. Can't say my training wardrobe has changed much either, I'm just wearing military pants and boots and a tanktop, as per usual. I kinda stopped wearing the jacket awhile ago, most of the time. If the climate of the day is bitterly chilly I'll wear a thick coat and pants but that's annoying to fight in and limits my mobility, even in normal gravity. I really should get more cold resistance to be fair, seems like something I can do when we run into the next cold arena, well colder than this one anyway. I'm not sure what skills to get or level up right now anyway, I have just over 800K soul points just sitting in my UI menu right now, just idling away.

"Took you long enough to come down here..." Eris is still very bitter as she pulls her suit pants back up.

"I was fighting the other four G-Sentinels that you were struggling against, or did you forget about them already?" I sneer with my tone but not my face, no point in that when she can't even see it.

This is the first round of today's training. A vast forest, very Earth-like, filled with snow goblins or some shit, yeah because those exist. I guess Father is designing creatures based on our ancient mythologies now, at least partially. And just like in those stories the goblins are short, weak and lusty all the time. You can take out one or two easily but if there are a lot on you they can easily... gang rape you, probably.

Anyway, Eris and I saw each other within minutes of teleporting into the arena, so we begrudgingly decided to work together, we didn't yet know what enemies we would face today after all. We ended up fighting a group of them on a small cliffside of sorts, Eris fell down mid battle and well, you're caught up now.

I look up at the glass dome and it says there's 453- now 451 goblins left. Another one of those days with weak enemies in higher numbers hmm? Perfect.

"Are you injured anywhere?" I ask in a rather uninterested tone, her classy suit is torn to shit in several places.

"I'm fucking fine." Eris says as she digs one of her dagger gloves out of the mud. The other one appears to be broken.

"Okay geez. I hate you too but you don't have to be so unpleasant, sheesh." I say as I close my eyes for an extended period of time while gesturing with my free hand. "Let's keep moving then once you get all your shit together."

"Tch." Eris grumbles at my remark as she picks up her own backpack, which seems to be mostly intact.

"Oh and you can keep the panties." I say with a wide smile plastered on my face.

Eris just flips me the bird with her right hand and a slightly annoyed expression. "Fuck off you cunt."

After our sisterhood of the traveling bitching continues for awhile, we get on the move again. I can't help but feel a slight worry in the back of my mind though. If the goblins get the chance to... well, fuck us, it's not gonna be pretty. Man I'm horny today.

...

Look ok, if you saw a bunch of short perverts tear off Eris' panties and expose her ass you'd be moist too. Her personality is god awful but one can't deny her deliciously hot booty. Anyway where was I?

Oh yes, goblin gang rape. Yeah we've got to avoid that... totally. So as we walk through the chilly yet not snowy forest, these are the thoughts going through my pee brain. We're both not the best fighters but I am better than Eris. Her best ability is... well I don't actually know really. She's never used her skills around me. All I've seen her use are those ninja gloves with daggers strapped at the ends. I have no idea what they're called so I'll just call em... claw daggers. Original I know.

Anyway, she faced a couple goblins with some thick clubs and that was enough to break one apparently, before she got her ass handed to her of course. How is she still so bad at melee combat after four months of training? Even Jesus Christ himself couldn't answer that one. Hey it's December so you'll get baby god jokes all damn month, deal with it.

But if we do get cornered, I'm more than confident that I can handle it on my own, I'm basically Eris' glorified bodyguard right now. I can just get behind her and cover her ass in the back, much like my panties are doing right now. I'd just need to find some way to stop these little fucks from touching her booty... or not, I could let em shred her pants so I have something nice to look at. Hmm.

Yes I know I'm horrible.

Regardless I've ranted long enough let's go. I should mention that being around Eris for only like fifteen or twenty minutes has caused my stress levels to skyrocket... and my bladder despite being only partly full is aching more than usual as a result. I may be forced to piss during training again but I guess we'll cross that Golden State Bridge when we come to it.

These are the jokes you signed up for long ago, come on now.

Regardless, we see a stone tower in the distance after awhile. 378 goblins left. I've only killed two more since the first attack so... I guess most of them are just in a far off part of the arena. However, the wooden door of the spire bursts open and five- no six goblins burst out. They're all wielding rusty weapons and wearing nothing but thin loincloths that barely conceal their tiny pricks.

Damn. Since we're basically in an open plain outside of the forest, they rush us all at once. I can use my lightning on them but I don't know if I have time to activate it before they reach us. I begin to charge up my power but they're coming too quickly. Just before I stop though, Eris fires a transparent pink beam of energy at them. Instantly all the goblins get fully erect and drop their weapons, their horny-filled eyes are glazed over and they cease moving towards us.

"Hurry!" Eris yells. "This will only stun them for a few seconds!"

Pff, that's all I need. With intense focus and a mild strain on my body, I finish imbuing my scythe with crimson lightning as I swing it horizontally. The energy shoots out in a singular wave of light and blasts all six of them at once, completely frying five of them, leaving one just barely functional as it writhes on the ground with a cybernetic boner. Eris quickly runs up to it and jams her claw dagger deep into its head. Guess she's not completely useless in combat after all.

"What was that just now?" I question as I put my scythe on my back.

"My power dumbass." Eris bitches back.

"You have... a horny attack beam?" I have to hold back a laugh as I smile. Ow, even doing that makes my pussy uncomfortable. Damn I have to urinate more than I thought I did.

"You have a fucking problem with that?" Eris stares deep into my soul as if she's dead serious. Ohhh scary.

"Nah, no problem it is just... interesting." I reply while still chuckling on the inside.

She calls me a perverted freak and yet she has an ability to seduce weak-minded males just like that? I mean she's right but god what a hypocritical bitch.

I continue walking away but then she yells at me from behind. "Don't look down on me you stupid shit! I hate you!"

I just ignore her and carry on. As long as we keeps saving each others asses from goblin rapists I think I can live with her bitching for awhile. I may have to sneak away for a potty break soon though. As we approach the tower we see two more goblins exiting through the door, they see us and immediately charge us. Once again, a mindless strategy. Today is actually turning in to quite a boring training day if I'm being honest. If I wasn't horny and in mildly arousing pain right now I'd be so damn demotivated.

When one goblin fuzzball gets too close to me I kick it in the face and it tumbles to the ground. I pick it up by the neck with one hand, it is surprisingly light. It's flailing around wildly, seemingly struggling to breathe from my tight grip. Do robots need air or is this just for show? Ahh whatever. Like a curious boy who found his sister's Barbie doll, I yoink off the goblins loincloth outta sexual curiosity and stare at its dick.

"Vaine, what the hell are you doing?!" Eris yells at me. God it's just a penis girl, relax.

"I was just curious, calm down." I sigh as my cunt twitches slightly. Afterwards, I slam the G-Sentinel into the ground and stomp my boot into the back of its skull.

"Get your fucking head out of your ass! I'm being attacked!" Eris complains for the billionth time today.

"Oh stop being such a bitch all the time and you'll be surprised by how little I can fuck up your life." I say curtly. "Besides it's only one goblin. What's the problem exactly?"

"Ugh..." Eris finally manages to slash the goblin's throat after trying way too hard.

We both keep moving towards the tower and head inside. In there we find, surprise surprise, more goblins. Joy. We deal with them easily enough.

Although...

"That fucking goblin tore my belt! Shit." Eris complains as she struggles to hold up her pants. "Today is just the worst."

"Can't argue with you there." I retort. "Maybe there's a rope or something you could use instead of your belt somewhere around this shitty tower instead."

"Tch..." She clicks her tongue with annoyance as she begins looking around.

The building itself seems to be a giant single room on each floor, with clearly unsafe stone stairs winding around on the interior wall. There appears to be a basement as well. In the middle of the floor is a large circular glass dome but not like a futuristic one, more medieval like, allowing the sun to pour through the entire spire I guess since there's a basically identical one on the ground floor's ceiling. Also the main floor is full of flasks of glowing potions that wouldn't be out of place in a Harry Potter novel or something. Most of them are broken but a few are intact.

I guess we're in a wizard's tower then? Great, a perverted witch will pop out of nowhere and do all kinds of weird shit to us I'm sure. What? What do you mean a wizard and a witch aren't the same thing? What am I a nerd? Whatever. God I wish a witch could craft an anti-peeing spell for me right now. Maybe I'd like a super peeing spell cast on me instead? Ahh... probably.

We make our way down the stairs and into the basement, Eris is keeping her belt together with her hand like her life depended on it. Geez girl I've already seen all you have to offer down there why're you being so... persnickety? Is that the word? I think so. Basically if it were me I'd have dropped my pants awhile ago but I guess she'd rather hold onto them, literally.

Damn I really need to get my mind outta the Eris gutter.

Either way... we enter the lowest level of the tower after passing through a double wooden door... and it smells. Bad.

There's two fairly large square wooden platforms on either side of the floor. In between them, there is what I can only describe as a pool... full of rotten bubbly gunk. I thought it was just mud because of it's dark brown color but its odor is absolutely repugnant. Across the room is various stashes of clutter and junk, mostly broken pottery or gears or whatever miscellaneous shit Father decided to put down here. It's honestly a bit disgusting to look at, which makes Eris and I agree on something, very rare I know.

Just before we're about to get the fuck out of here, we hear a lot of loud cackling coming from up the stairs. More goblins. Of course there are. We don't have enough time to shut the heavy door from inside so we just stay on guard with our backs against the murky goo pool as we wait.

When they come down, they're all wearing those same filthy loincloths and have those same angry and horny faces. "Krii! Krii!!"

"Fucking hell." Eris groans while trying to hide her disgust and anxiety.

I've got a bad feeling about this, and not just deep in my bladder. We're not in a position to retreat backwards and they're moving very slowly, taking their sweet ass time. One goblin has its eyes set on Eris and its face contorts with rage as it runs towards her. But before it can reach her I fire a crimson orb of lightning at its face, blasting right through its fucking head. Two other goblin cyborgs scream and begin to run towards us. Shit. I'm tired out mentally and it'll take too long to kill them all with lightning.

They run up to a basically defenseless Eris because she insisted on holding up her pants... and push her into the mucky slime. They laugh at her as they see her flail around like an idiot. Tsk... guess I have no choice. I equip my scythe and run towards the distracted furry midgets, when I get to one I swing it horizontally and cut it in half like a butchered cow.

"Vaine what the hell?!" Eris screams at me from the cesspool, seemingly fine and standing up with the nasty shit leveled around her hips.

"Do I look like your goddamn mother?" I sneer at her as I decapitate the second goblin. "I can only do so much fighting at once dumbass!"

The last two remaining G-Sentinels by the door turn their attention to me and they growl menacingly as they prepare to attack. I'm actually really glad that they didn't charge us all at once this time. I dash towards the closest one, stabbing it in the throat with my scythe. The other one swings it's club at me but I jump away and use the time I bought myself to charge my blade with the last of my crimson energy. I unleash the power in a single arc of lightning that slices the poor bastard in half, its body parts practically exploding as they're sent flying across the cellar.

Breathing heavily I sigh with relief... and feel a sharp jolt in my privates. Dammit piss stay there.

I don't have time to rest though, as I hear more faint laughter in the distance.

Fuck.

Left with no other choice, I slowly close the double doors and lower the thick wooden bar on it just in time as an angry herd of an unknown number of goblins bang on the door. Thankfully it seems to be stable... they appear to lack the strength to break through. However they are so damn loud. Their constant knocking and screaming is already giving me a headache.

"What the fuck are we gonna do?" Eris complains with her face twisted in anger and disgust. She's still caked in the gross muck from the pool despite having crawled out of it... and leaving her pants behind in the nasty pit.

"We'll just... wait here until the combat session of the training day is over I guess." I sigh deeply and have to resist rubbing my vagina to soothe it even slightly. I really should do something about this.

"Fine by me." Eris grunts as she shakes some of the mud off her hands.

God she really is filthy right now. Seeing her like that with no pants, while wearing my red panties to boot, kind of sends me over the edge mentally. If I don't piss willingly soon I'm gonna do so whether I want to or not. I drop my backpack into a corner, take my military boots off, damn this floor is fairly cold, and I pull of my pants and set them sloppily ontop of my bag.

Eris doesn't really have time to question what I'm doing as I squat down near the edge of the nasty pool and pull my black panties away from my cunt. I can feel the intense pressure inside me... and then I release it just before the horny thoughts of relief completely consume me. The force is powerful enough to make considerable noise as it melds and mixes with the soggy dirt, but I manage to keep myself steady as I watch the golden urine cascade out of me. It's flowing out quickly from my urethra and making me feel so damn good.

"You're seriously going to do this now?!" Eris yells in exasperation at me, having clearly watched my show for awhile.

"Look Eris, your bitching has stressed my body out, I'm exhausted from fighting and my bladder was screaming at me." I smirk at the woman I hate more than anyone. "Don't worry... I won't pee on you this time."

"You... fucker... I..." She grumbles under her breath with a reddening face.

I know she wants to curse me out again because of her obvious disgust with my actions, the way she can't look me in the eye, it's all too hilarious. I almost don't even hate her anymore, making her pissed off is just too much fun. Ahh piss... my cunt feels heavenly right now.

Eris does something that surprises me though, she strips completely out of her suit. God even her yellow bra and her recently acquired red panties are almost completely caked in mud. She swiftly takes off her dirty underwear and begins to clean herself off by forcefully pulling out any big hunks of dirt that she can find from her coat. Man seeing her perky pink nipples and pussy when she's much closer to me than the day at the waterpark... it takes alot of willpower for me to not start teasing my pissing pussy right now.

What? You think I'm a pervert? Pfft.

I finish urinating, despite my bladder's complaints there wasn't much in there, and wipe my cunt dry with my hands. Hey, my urine is cleaner than the nasty ass mud ok? Fuck off. I see her pick up one of the potions that are left intact on the shelves and pull out the stopper with her teeth. She quickly rubs some on her legs and torso in an attempt to clean off her filthy body. I have to say she's an idiot for pouring a random magical liquid on herself... what if it hurt her or something? Bah not that I care. If Eris gets... self-deleted, even I couldn't stop that one. I'm sure Father wouldn't yell at me for her stupidity... I hope.

I should probably cover my cunt back up and stop squatting instead of gazing at Eris... that would be a good idea. I stand back up and make my way towards my boots and pants... when I notice something... very odd.

"Hey uh Eris?" I point and stare... but not at her tits surprisingly.

"Yeah Vaine?" She tilts her head with her usual annoyed tone.

"The potion you poured all over yourself is glowing..." I state plainly.

She looks down at her hands and then at the potion flask, the liquid she drenched herself with is indeed emitting a soft purple light... and it's spreading across her body quickly.

"What the fuck is it doing?!" She yells at what may as well be a brick wall.

She screams in panic like a damn lunatic on crack or something. I really can't help but smirk... really as I just said, she did this to herself. However, what actually happens to her is not nearly as bad as she thinks. Within a few seconds, the magenta aura covers her entirely and she begins to shrink. No not just her tits that she slathered with the now infamous boob cream, literally her whole body. The entire process takes about a minute and when it finally stops, she's about the size of a Barbie doll.

Man I really got life in plastic on the brain today hmm? I wonder why...

Anyway, surprisingly enough I can hear her when she talks, her voice is just unbelievably squeaky like a certain famous chipmunk trio. I'm not gonna make a dozen jokes about it I'm just telling you right now.

"Well... it could have been worse." I retort as she finally stops shrinking.

"God that was fucking awful." Eris' bitching is somehow cuter when its not her usual annoying voice. It's still an ear bleeding squealing mind you but now it's at least... tolerable.

I should probably put my pants back on hmm? I was almost considering giving them to Eris before she shrunk down but she's obviously about a thousand sizes too small right now. Man even if she kept her clothes on... would she have shrunk out of them and been naked right now anyway? Who knows.

The goblins are still banging on the door by the way, yup, the horny fuzzballs are still there.

She uses her alchemy to make a knife, least I think that's what it is... it's so small. She walks over to the red panties I gave her... and cuts a hole right into the cleaner bits... two, no three pieces of fabric. One is quite long and thin, like an obnoxiously long rectangle, and the other two are literally squares with maybe two slightly longer parallel sides. Ok ok fine it's technically three rectangles then ok? Piss off...

I would piss off but I just did a few minutes ago so... yeah the pee jokes are getting lamer every chapter.

Ahem, Eris makes a makeshift bra out of the long and thin fabric, it's literally just a scarf around her breasts but whatever. Sarashi wrap! that's what it's called... least in Japan. Durr. Around her booty and kitty cat cunty she makes a simple loincloth in much the same manner, binding certain parts of the fabric all together with alchemy. Man for as shitty as she is at combat her crafting speed is... quicker than mine it seems. She's still dirty in most places but at least she's not nude. Bah I'd rather she stayed naked to be fair, least then I'd have something to look at.

I finally get my pants and boots on, took me long enough I know, and I begin training my alchemy today. I ask Eris if she wants me to make her water so she can get cleaned up but she just flips me a teeny tweety bird. Between the two of us, it's not long before we deconstruct most of the trash around here, all in all giving me about fourteen million trillion atoms to work with right now. Yeah not many I know.

Hmm... what to start learning...

To recap, I can make water, apples, oranges, carrots, potatoes, a pickaxe-hammer hybrid tool, iron throwing knives, plain white undies and a loincloth. Yeah I guess I didn't mention the loincloth before, oopsie. Basically if my pants and panties get destroyed by my acidic pissing ability... I wanted something simple... to cover myself up down there with. Does that sentence work? I think so. Moving on.

The horny pee brain part of me wants to just mess around and learn different colored panties, whereas the logical part of my mental consciousness tells me that I should probably learn to make a canteen of some sort. Yeah right now I can make water but I have nothing to put it in unless I bring something with me. It looks like my finger is urinating when I create it, although I can only make like ten to fifteen droplets a second on average... so not an intensely orgasmic stream or anything.

After a couple hours of trial and error, I've got the basic shape and size of it down, now all that's really left is to make the material uniformly strong enough so it doesn't leak... oh and I need to make some kind of lid or stopper for it too.

Yeah it's still the first round. Guess if we're not gonna kill those goblins outside no one will hmm? Oh well.

It's around this time when I notice Eris out of the corner of my eye, I've not been paying much attention to her to be fair. She's made herself a little camp of sorts, like a firepit and a deck chair. I guess she cooked herself some kind of meal. Why alchemize raw meat? Wouldn't cooked meat be easier? Maybe not to be fair I've only made fruits and veggies so far so I can't really judge.

But yeah I didn't notice her because of her campsite. I thought she was dancing or something at first but no... she's... squirming. I've seen that before... in bed. She has to pee, pretty badly from the look of it.

"You know you can piss at anytime right?" I tilt my head in confusion. "There's no reason to put yourself through so much pain, unless you like it of course."

"Fuck off you stupid perverted freak!" Eris' voice squeaks in anger and she begins to squirm around even more. "I'll never stoop to your level!"

"What are you a child?" I tease with a slightly bitter tone. "Just urinate in a corner or something, You're shorter than a fat rat right now it's not like I'd hear you on the opposite end of the basement..."

"Nngh!" She groans and turns away from me, folding her arms over her chest as she tries to control herself.

Man she's really stubborn hmm. I admit, seeing Eris being desperate to pee... doesn't help my horniness. In fact in only makes it worse. My pussy is buzzing as my imagination starts to wonder what she must be feeling right now. Is that awful of me? Probably but I don't care. She's been the worst to me, the least I can do is just fantasize ok?

"I'm not gonna help you piss you know." I add with a slight smirk. "You're a... big girl you can go on your own."

"Ugh..." She groans once again in a very un-ladylike manner as she squeezes her thighs together in a vain attempt to null the pain.

Honestly... even though she's a little bitch, right now quite literally, she's so damn hot. Seeing her squeeze her hands against the front of her makeshift loincloth as she sits there in self-inflicted agony is very arousing. My lower half involuntarily shifts and squirms, but not because I have to pee. It's because my cunt is begging for attention right now, I can feel it dampening by the second. Part of me hates my body for getting turned on by a woman I loathe but the other part of me doesn't have many shits to give.

Just when I think the day cannot get any better, apart from watching mini-Eris urinate eventually of course, something else happens in that moment that's great for me but uhh, probably terrible for her. Once Eris notices it happening too she panics once again.

"Fuck! Shit... ahh it hurts!" Eris starts screaming again as she begins to grow back to her normal size.

The process is just as agonizingly slow as before though. It doesn't take long at all for her loincloth, sarashi wrap and chair to break and rip all around her, leaving her nude once again. Oh god naked and desperate... what a beautiful sight. She clenches her hands over her vulva as her eyes shut tight and she starts to move around, squirming in intense agony.

Her back arches and her legs are trembling, clearly struggling to hold herself together, and she's pushing against her slit in a vain attempt to stop it from pissing. Her moans of pain are surprisingly erotic as her voice returns to normal.

As for myself well, I can't take it anymore. I sit on the edge of one of the wooden platforms, unbuckle my pant's belt and unbutton them. I slide a hand deep into my black panties and start to ruthlessly tease my burning pussy. F-Fuck I need this right now. My other hand cups one of my breasts and begins to lightly massage it, which causes the pleasure to spread throughout my body rather quickly.

It's so wrong to get off to watching Eris in such a predicament, yet it is also so satisfying. Her boobs are so perky and her butthole is probably so damn tight right now... the mere thought of it causes me to rub my entire vulvic cornucopia at a faster rate. My pussy feels so damn good...

"Mngh!" Eris moans louder than before. "Ahh... ah!"

She opens her eyes and sees me masturbating, I notice her blush at first but she quickly turns away as if she's suddenly feeling... relieved?

"P-Pervert..." She mutters softly. "Stop that..."

I continue to finger my cunt as my other hand continues to toy with my nipple through my clothing. Her gaze lingers on my groin area and she bites her lower lip. Her pink tail is twitching furiously, she's clearly near her limit.

"Fuuckk! Noo!" Eris yells as a gush of golden nectar leaves her urethra.

I see the juices spray out of her and flow through her fingers, covering them with her strong scent. It's all so... fucking... hot. I let out a little gasp as I rub my clitoris faster. My hands begin to speed up and I feel a warm sensation spreading in my abdomen. God she looks so good when she's peeing. Almost makes me forget how much of a dumb bitch she really is. Almost.

Eris continues to watch me while pissing profusely, she bites her lip as she watches my fingers probe my pussylips. My breathing begins to get louder as my legs begin to spasm. Fuck fuck fuck... yes! Oh god I'm gonna cum!

"Ahh! D-Damn. Ffff..." I shout out loudly as my hips jerk upward, a large wet patch spreads around the crotch of my pants from the absurd amount of girlcum I squirt out.

I'm panting heavily as I try to catch my breath, gah this climax feels so good right now... I think I'm peeing again, even if only a little bit. Aaaah fuck. After almost a minute, Eris has finally stopped urinating and she's still sitting on the ground, staring at me... with her hands drenched in piss.

"S-Such a dirty pervert..." Eris mumbles under her breath.

"It..." I try to speak fluently, but my post-orgasmic brain stumbles a bit as I remove my still dripping wet hand from my pants. "It's your own fault for not peeing earlier..."

"Tch." Eris sighs. "That's... that's not... I made a mistake."

Wow. Eris actually admitted that she fucked up. Is this real life? What the hell is happening today? I never expected to hear her confess to something like that... ever. I really should probably say something here but I have no idea what to say.

"Why do you hate me so much?" I ask as I button up my pants then put my belt back together.

"I-" Eris begins talking but then looks away. "I don't hate you..."

"Then why did were you so bitchy and pompous when we first spoke like a week after we all met Father?" I retort as I stare her in the eyes.

"I heard about you from Jason... how lucky you were in your life before we were Reapers." Eris looks at me coldly. "You act like the world betrayed you and that you had it so tough. You were lying to yourself though. And since then, everything's been handed to you on a silver platter. It's gotten to the point where just looking at you irritates me."

I cross my arms across my covered breasts, something that this bitch cannot due at the moment due to well, being naked.

"You know nothing about me. Everyone... hated me in high school. I was an outcast and treated like shit by everyone even the damn teachers and ignored by my family, it was like I was invisible to them." I'm the one getting bitchy now I admit.

Eris just stares at me for a moment or two before she sighs.

"You know nothing about me either dumbass." Eris practically spits at me. "You at least had a warm home and three meals a day. You were able to finish school... well you would have, had we not become Reapers but still, your life was on track to be... not complete shit. I cannot say the same for me."

My expression softens but only slightly as Eris continues. "My Father was an abusive fucker and my Mother was just a worthless shell of a woman who did nothing but drink herself to sleep and watch TV all day. He got me pregnant at sixteen... and kicked me out of the fucking house. I was forced into a group home for troubled teens while having a god damn incest baby in my womb."

Fuck... damn. I made a dark joke about Eris earlier... now I feel like shit about it. I didn't know ok? Otherwise I'd not have even thought of it. I'm evil but I'm not that fucked up in the head. Shit.

"Late into my second trimester I knew something was wrong with the baby." Eris' face suddenly turned grim. "I forced myself to go to a nearby hospital... where they did a few tests and found that... that his heart had stopped. I hated my father for all the times he raped me... but I still wanted this child to have a chance at life. I planned on leaving him on an orphanage doorstep after I gave birth like a god damn Hollywood movie... but it never happened."

... I was speechless. I couldn't really say anything.

"I went back to the group home, got myself two jobs at once for pitiful wages, saved up enough money for about six months and then moved into a shitty apartment. I tried looking for other work but I just went from one trash job to the next, barely getting by. Life got better when I was twenty-two and met my future husband but... before then my life was horrible. That's what I mean when I say that life has been kind to you. Because it fucking has."

"I'm sorry." All I can seem to say is those two cliché words that usually mean jack shit. "I didn't know."

"No one knows. And you'd better not tell anyone... not even your girlfriend." Eris snaps at me but I let it slide.

"I won't, don't worry." Is my simple response... or it would have been if I didn't continue talking. "Is that why you have the horny beam power?"

"Excuse me? What the actual fuck Vaine?!" Eris is more upset than ever... I don't blame her since I didn't explain myself.

"I mean... you have it so that when you fight a nasty man you can uhh... give them an involuntary erection, which in turn will make it easier to cut off their filthy dick with your clawed gloves... before you kill them slowly as they're writhing on the ground?"

She just looks at me with a stupefied and dumbfounded look on her face... but at least she doesn't look angry anymore.

"How the fuck do you come up with this depraved shit?" Eris asks me with a straight face.

"Uhh..." I look away awkwardly. "I mean... that's what I would use it for... if I was uh, unfortunate enough to grow up as fucked up as you did."

With those words we kind of just stop talking. I use alchemy to craft Eris a very thin towel of sorts so she can at least try to dry her cunt and hands off. It takes me about ten minutes to make another sarashi wrap for her boobies so I guess I can do that now... along with the canteen I learned earlier, as misshapen as it is right now. Eris takes the last fresh pair of panties from my bag, blue if you cared, and puts them on after she dries her special places off. She spends the next couple of hours wearing nothing else but them... and my crude boob scarf.

The goblins.... or furry pervert Sentinels or whatever are still barking at the barred door so... today just ends up being a single round in the arena.

As I would find out later on, only Eris, Jason, Toshia and I survived the day. So for Sorcha, Paisou and Axel the day went by really quickly, since you know they were deactivated and unconscious for most of it.

Well anyway, that night I was surprisingly not in the mood for kinky lesbian sex. When Sorcha asked me why, I told her that I saw Eris piss out a river today and she got super jealous in her own cute way, down to the cliché "I wish I could have seen that too!" line. But whatever, we just cuddled tonight and slept naked, which was more than good enough for me after hearing that grim story.

I kept my promise to Eris' and didn't spill her dark secret past. I uhh, have had a lot to think about today. About life and shit.

I guess I'm not doing all that badly after all.

~~Tuesday December 16, 2008~~

Today is... well, just another day in the arena. Or is it?

Yeah it kinda is. Although... right now... this is very likely gonna just turn into another training day where Sorcha and I just hide... and fuck. What? You want me to explain? Ugh, fine... damn readers and needing context.

Today the arena is a barren desert. Yes a dome covered sand pit surrounded by the actual Nevada Desert, I appreciate the irony of that one. What do you mean that's not how to use that word? Piss off.

Anyway, today we're fighting primitive ass lizardmen. Is that racist? Probably. Anyway I don't really need to describe them beyond that, most of them have two tails but besides that they're like the fantasy monsters of some Dungeons and Dragons campaign brought to life.

Regardless they've been uhh, annoying to fight. Not because of their weapons, tactics or teamwork, oh no no no... because of this fucking desert heat.

What's that? Heat sucks for everyone? Well it's worse for me motherfuckers because I'm literally covered in black fur... mostly. And if you know middle school science, which I hope you do (shout out to my one fan who's secretly a Flat Earther), you'd know that the color black... absorbs heat. So even when I'm wearing a white hijab, a thin thobe, pale sandals and yes even a white bra and panties... I still sweat bricks and feel all gross underneath my clothing.

And to top it all off, gravity is much higher in the arena today... I'm guessing it's around 4-5G but I really couldn't tell you exactly. Thanks to the absurd training for these past seven weeks, I've mostly gotten used to 2G and even 3G. Any higher than that though, even walking becomes an absolute chore. I hate it.

As I said, just an annoying state to fight in. Thankfully I only have to kill like four lizardmen before I find Sorcha, who's basically wearing the exact same thing I am. What? Sorcha wears clothes? When we train in the arena... yeah she does... otherwise she's still the nudist that I love.

Regardless, we meet up and plan on spending the next round together. There are still well over thirty enemies left according to the scoreboard so... guess we'll be together for a bit at least. We brought alot of water with us in our backpacks so we're good there. After about twenty minutes of mindless desert wandering... we get lucky and find a small mouth to a cave.

Once we make our way inside, it's quite spacious honestly. The rocks in here are dull and gray, pretty much the opposite of the baked sandstones outside. Scattered bits of sunlight are coming in through the ceiling and at the back of the cave... is a pool of crystal clear water.

"Help me with the entrance hun." Sorcha says, snapping me out of my brief daze.

"Oh yeah, sure." I reply.

We place our backpacks alongside an inner wall along with our hijabs and get to work. I should mention that for the past couple of weeks, Sorcha and I have trained our alchemy together, she's really helped me out a lot. I got a skill that she recommended to me to aid with another skill I plan to get later, it just has numerous beneficial side effects that I didn't realize at the time. But anyway she told me about an ability called Cognitive Processing. It basically allows me to do math a lot faster in my head than a normal anthro ever could, thus it increases the rate at which I can make stuff with alchemy due to the calculations being more automated to my AI core and much easier to execute.

I also got Cognitive Acceleration, which allows me to do problem solving tasks a lot quicker. When combined with my super reflexes, these skills have an effect that's kind of like Spider-Man's spidey sense, sort of... minus the like slowing down of time or whatever, it still feels the same as it always has. I don't know it's hard to explain beyond that. Can you tell I was a Spider-Man fan in my life before all this?

Anyway, moving on.

What're we making you may be asking? A barricade. Yup. We're blocking off most of the entrance to the cave with freshly crafted scrap metal, some reinforced metallic foundations and some absurdly strong glue that Sorcha alchemizes to hold it all together. It's usually enough to keep the primitive Sentinels at bay when we make a camp in a closed off space in order to like rest and stuff.

Or in this case you know... have filthy lesbian sex. Now you're caught up, again. Hooray!

"But V..." I hear you asking. "Isn't making love in the arena dangerous? What if you get teleported out after all the enemies die, thus causing you to leave all your discarded clothes behind? You won't be able to get em back for the rest of the day due to Father's strange clothing rules you know."

Yeah that's a risk I'm willing to take. And it's happened once already I'll have you know. Spending the rest of the day nude in the desert would suck but uhh... Sorcha clearly doesn't care. Quite frankly neither do I. We're both way too horny today. I'm craving her badly right now. My pussy feels like it's melting off of it's hinges... if it had any. I'm sure she feels the same.

When we're finished the barricade looks more like a door, probably because Sorcha made a door frame and everything and also made some rather large bolts on the side that we can blockade the "door" with. Damn her alchemy is way faster than mine, her Cognitive Processing is likely a much higher level since she's had it for a while.

By the time we're done we're a bit sweaty, so we take yet another drink of water and I make a couple apples and oranges for us to eat as a pre-sex snack of sorts.

"So what'd you have in mind?" I ask her.

"Mmm..." Sorcha has a slightly devious look on her face as she kisses me tenderly. "Just what mommy knows you like..."

Both of our thin robes make a light "Wuoosh" sound as they hit the ground, due to the higher gravity, leaving us both wearing naught but our sweat stained underwear. Making out in higher G? Yeah it's the same as making out in lower G, except that our tongues have to work extra hard to tease each other. I'm gonna stop referencing the gravity now. I wanna focus on sucking on my girlfriend's facehole ok? Thank you.

We continue to just stand there making out, our arousal building all the while. We're both panting from the heat both sexual and literal, I can feel my panties begin to dampen even more and I'm sure Sorcha's getting wetter by the second. I feel her tail brush up along my waist, her soft fur makes me feel so fuzzy.

I hear Sorcha moan softly as my hands begin to feel around her body. I take her large covered breasts into my hands and start to massage them softly, running my fingers over her smooth white titty fur. They're so big and full, just like her ass... god I really am a lucky girl hmm?

She laughs lightly as she pulls away from my lips, but she's still standing right up against me. "Vaine, you know what I want right? You know what I really want."

"I know..." I smirk at her. "What do you want mommy?"

"Mmm..." She moans a little bit more as I squeeze her breasts harder. "I want you to eat me out until I can barely stand."

"Mmhmm." I moan as I feel my pussy begin to tingle, the urge to just finger myself right here and now is very tempting. But I hold back. I'm a good girl, I promise mommy.

Sorcha turns around and supports her upper body by placing her hands on the cave wall. Her panty covered butt and swishing tail is so intoxicating right now.

"Be a good girl Vaine..." She whispers sensually.

I waste no time pulling her panties down to her knees and giving her bare ass a nice hard slap, causing her to yelp and then giggle. Her yellow furred butt jiggles wonderfully when I do so. Her pale pussy and tight asshole are dripping wet and clearly waiting for me. My body moves on it's own accord as I start to lower myself down.

"Mmm... yes please eat me out dear." Sorcha purrs and then moans when she feels my tongue poke at her sensitive love button.

I've got her juicy cunt completely exposed and ready to be toyed and played with, the musky scent of her arousal is so sweet and completely overtakes me. My nipples harden against my bra as I start to lick and nibble on her pussy lips, causing her to groan softly. I tease her privates with my tongue, moving repeatedly from her clitoris all the way up to her asshole, making sure to take my time and savor every inch of her womanhood and anal rim.

I admit, I may be paying more attention to her anus than her cunt right now, it's hard for me to tell to be honest, I can't get enough of either. Both of them are so soothing to my inner soul that I feel like I'm eating a nice home cooked meal in the middle of the harsh winter.

"God your pussy tastes so fucking good momma." I roleplay as I kiss her butt cheek and the small of her back, while she lets out a cute little laugh. "Your butthole is delicious too."

"Vaine, please don't call my ass delicious." Sorcha says with a grin. "Unless you plan on eating it for dinner of course."

"Of course I'll eat it!" I retort playfully.

I begin to finger her pussy with one hand, while holding her right asscheek in my other one. Her anus winks at me slightly, a telltale sign that it's time to continue what I started. I bring my lips to her butthole, giving it a soft kiss before opening and letting my tongue enter her tight sphincter.

"Mm!" Sorcha moans loudly. "Yes... please eat my ass... oh your fingers... ffff..."

I start to move my hand faster in her cunt, making her vaginal tunnel slicker and slicker. The juices that were already dripping down her thighs begin to coat my wrist and forearm in a nearly steady stream of girlcum.

"Ahhh!" She gasps. "Don't... stop... ahh fuck..."

I flick my tongue back and forth lustfully, making sure to cover every millimeter of her butthole with my saliva. I've become so enamored with her anus right now that I can feel my own cunt enflamed from desire. My pussy is starting to make lewd sloshing noises against my sopping wet panties as I move my leaking vagina from side to side, my clit is burning and aching from neglect. I desperately want to masturbate right now... but I know mommy will take care of me once I finish.

"Faster..." Sorcha orders quietly. "Harder... faster..."

I can feel her cunt quiver and her gloryhole clench as I pump three of my fingers into her muff while my thumb ruthlessly teases her clitoris. Her gleaming yellow butthole tightens around my tongue, her sexual scent which was fairly strong just a few minutes ago is now seeming to eclipse everything else. I hear her breathing become even more erratic and irregular and her moans grow in intensity.

"Vaine!" She yells and groans loudly, her legs buckling a bit as her anal rim squeezes around my tongue like it doesn't want to let me go.

Her juices shoot out of her snatch like a waterfall and her entire body shivers in delight. Her entire vagina spasms around my fingers and she lets out a high pitched cry of ecstasy.

"Ff-fuck... fuuuuck." Sorcha moans as she holds onto the wall for dear life.

My fingers are completely soaked in her nectar as I continue to eat her ass. Her sphincter relaxes again and her pussy is oozing so much fluid that I'm pretty much bathing in her girlcum at this point.

"S-So good..." Sorcha mumbles, as her legs give out and she slowly rests on the ground with her butt hanging in the air.

I pull my tongue out of her anus and lick my wet hand lustfully. A large dark patch is visible in the middle of my white panties and a gleaming trail of girlcum is visible between my inner thighs, a few droplets are even dripping onto the cave floor.

It doesn't take long for Sorcha to recover from her sexual daze and she crawls over to me on all fours after pulling her bra off. She's so damn sexy... I love her so much. I yank off my bra in return, finally my breasts can breathe again.

"I think it's time we made you feel good too sweetie." She smirks at me as her tail twitches happily, her yellow slit still dripping furiously I might add.

"Yes please..." I beg as she crawls over to me like she's filming a doggystyle porn video and places her nose directly above my bladder.

"I'm gonna get you so damn wet..." Her breath feels so hot right now. "Mmm so wet..."

Her soft mouth licks and chews around the wet areas of my panties, causing my entire body to shudder with delight. She moves her long tongue up and down, making me pant and squirm with anticipation. She nibbles on the outskirts of my vulva and I can't help but let out a erotic moan. I can feel the drool dripping from her mouth onto my cunt, making my panties even wetter and warmer than they already were.

I start to shove my crotch against her face, feeling her nose press up against my clitoris sends waves of pleasure to my brain instantly.

"I think it's time to take these off." Sorcha giggles and then starts to slowly pull down my undies. God even her doing that right now is causing me to go crazy.

"Aaaahh..." I cry out lewdly as she peels off my panties, exposing my engorged clitoris and my dripping wet black pussy to the humid subterranean air.

She continues her naughty assault on my vaginal lips, covering her face in my slutty juices. My hips involuntarily jerk forward, forcing my darkened slit into her eager mouth even more than before. My hands rub around and tease my tits, giving my nipples the attention they need right now. I bite down on my lower lip as I feel her tongue enter my cunt and start to lick my inner walls hungrily.

"Oh god!" I moan loudly. "Fuck... yeah..."

Sorcha takes the chance to look up at me, our eyes lock and her smile turns sinister.

"Mmm..." She coos. "You look so desperate right now hun... your honeypot is twitching so much..."

"It feels so good mommy..." I can't help but be a little flirty. "Your tongue is so fucking good."

"Good girls should be rewarded when they're nice... but you've been naughty today." She teases, before getting behind me and bringing her lips back down south.

I feel her tongue travel down towards my dumptruck, she softly inserts two of her fingers inside my butthole as she licks and nibbles at my anal rim.

"F-Fuck..." I scream out as she pumps into my ass with her digits, rubbing her saliva into my asshole, making her way inside me. "Ahh..."

She begins to finger fuck me harder, her tongue presses hard against my sphincter, causing me to shiver, my vaginal muscles start to clench and release themselves involuntarily like it's struggling to breathe. I cannot hold out much longer...

"Ahhh! Fuck!" I can barely contain myself. "I'm gonna cum! Ahhh!"

She thrusts her fingers into me like a jackhammer and eats out my ass like it's her last meal. My mind is blank, my brain is filled only with lustful thoughts. My body begins to shake, my hips jerk and twitch, I can't help but let out an erotic cry of pleasure as my vaginal fluids gush out of me in a warm wave of orgasmic bliss.

"FUCK!" I scream out passionately. "FUUUUUUUUUUUUCK!"

Sorcha continues to finger me throughout my climax, her other hand groping and teasing my buttcheeks and anus, making me feel so much pleasure.

"Ahh fuck... Sorcha..." I cry out, feeling my cunt convulse with ecstasy.

She brings her lips up to mine, we kiss passionately for a minute or two, before we take a big drink of water from our canteens. We stuff our clothes into our backpacks so we don't lose them after the round. Afterwards we go to the pool of water to relax and manage to find a nice spot to sit where the water just barely comes up to our breasts, leaving everything above our nipples exposed and the rest hidden below.

I'm not gonna lie, even after a nice orgasm and a refreshing drink of water I'm still super horny. I can tell Sorcha feels the same way too. Her gaze has been on me, making my body tingle with a sensation of arousal since the moment we sat down in this natural hot tub. Her breasts are covered in sweat and her hair is a little messy, but she looks so damn hot right now.

Even so, we know we don't wanna push our luck right now, the round is bound to be over soon and while the sex is awesome we'd both rather not fight naked in the rounds after this one. As it stands we'd have just enough time to grab our backpacks as soon as we hear the end-of-round buzzer before we get teleported out. We'll make love a lot tonight anyway I'm sure judging by how ravenous we've been today so far.

So, instead of fucking, disappointing I know, we talk instead.

"You've really been making good progress with your alchemy skills Vaine." Sorcha states happily.

"Really?" I tilt my head, surprised. "I feel like I've been going as slow as ever... I'm so far behind what you and Jason can do."

"I know you feel like you're not keeping up but you're doing much better than you think." She says while smiling. "You just have to be patient, and be a little more confident in yourself."

"Yeah yeah I've always had a problem with that..." I sigh, looking away.

"Hey, you're a much better anthro than you think, and I love you for who you are." Sorcha rubs my thigh underneath the water lightly.

Careful girl you be getting awfully close to my kitty down there.

"Sorry I've been kinda bitchy this month..." I try to change the subject as I enjoy the leg attention. "I'm still just... working through some stuff. Paisou and I still haven't talked much since that day at the waterpark... I'm just worried that I fucked up something and that I won't be able to fix our friendship."

"Vaine, what happened with Paisou is just how it is." Sorcha shakes her head. "If anything it's my fault for pushing him too far... I'm sorry."

"No no it's ok you've already apologized... you don't need to anymore." I stammer a bit as my shoulders slump. "Sorry if I ruined the sexy mood I just-"

Sorcha plants a kiss on my lips and holds it there for a few seconds. Ahh... something so simple can feel so nice.

"Vaine, you did nothing wrong." Sorcha says in a soft yet determined voice. "If you just give him space and are honest when he's ready to talk, that's really all you can do right now."

"Yeah..." I sigh deeply. "I know."

"Let's just relax..." Sorcha coos. "The round should be over soon... but..."

Sorcha kisses me again and we inhale each other's scent for a couple minutes.

"Let's just... piss away our worries." She smirks. God she says the word piss like it's a divine goddess we should be worshipping or something.

We both continue to smile as we release our bladders. God... peeing in a pool feels so uniquely liberating. As the water around our privates quickly warms up even more, we begin to toy with each other's nipples softly. We continue to casually make out while enjoying the sensation of relieving ourselves, god I've really made her into a kinky woman haven't I?

We're completely absorbed in our own little world until the round ends and we grab our backpacks seconds before we teleport. I do my best to dry myself off in the few minutes I have between rounds and get dressed once again in my thin desert garments. Today is going to be a long and annoying day... but at least the sex has made it better.

~~Friday, December 26th, 2008~~

Well... here we are, Christmas is upon us or whatever. What do you mean it was yesterday? Geez it's one day off because of our schedule, you guys and gals already know we only have Fridays off right?

Regardless... today is going to be a great day... I can feel it. And I can feel my bladder bulging too as I do a potty dance. Once again Sorcha and the gang have set up a unique sexy thing for us to do today, well not that it has taken much time apparently but you know. We have been holding since this morning, we didn't have our wake-up pee... and it's already late into the afternoon.

To top it all off, Eris is here with us as well and she claims she's 'playing fair' and hasn't urinated today either. Whatever girl... good luck holding out without our bladder skills. Bah, whatever, I'm sure Sorcha or Jason or whoever managed to convince her to get the Iron Bladder skill, this holding contest wouldn't be a very fun three way if she didn't have it.

So yeah the three female Reapers are all together. We're in the backstage of some theatre... wearing nothing but a pair of panties, knee high socks and a cheap Santa hat. Yes we're all topless right now. I admit we all look sexy as fuck... especially Sorcha. Her blue panties really just compliment her yellow furred body perfectly. Eris is wearing white undies and I have purple ones on but you all don't care about the details right?

Regardless, what are we doing backstage you may be asking? Good question, I'm not entirely sure. God I really havta pee... but I don't wanna lose to Eris. I don't have to wait around very long though as Axel walks through the red curtain and tells us that everything is ready. We follow him to the brightly lit stage... and see three... basically BDSM chairs on it. In the audience seats Toshia and Jason are sitting down, Paisou is the only Reaper not here. I assume he didn't wanna come...

I'll uhh, have to try talking to him again after this, see if I can finally get to the bottom of this rift that seems to be between us. But... ahh fuck my pussy... that will be for after. Axel instructs us to sit in the missionary position on the weird looking recliner chairs, so we do. We're basically laying down on them, with our knees far apart in the air and our feet practically touching our butts. Between our embarrassing positions and the bright spotlights that are shining on all three of us, nothing is being left to the imagination. Toshia and Jason have come up from the seats and are now tying Eris and I up, Axel is working on getting Sorcha bound and ready.

Toshia tightens my ankles and wrists to the chair so I can't really move. I mean I could escape with my skills if I wanna but ahh fuck... this is a kinky sexy public display, so fleeing won't be on my mind. God my pussy is on fire right now... we've all been holding for what like... thirteen hours almost now? I dunno but it's awhile... Fuck fuck fuck I wanna pee but I also want to put on a good show for the anthro men around us.

Except for Jason. He's already seen me piss, a lot.

... Ok I won't mind showing him too, maybe just a little bit.

"Alright ladies." Axel has suddenly started to act like a game show host for some reason. "The contest is officially starting. Hold onto your cooter juice for as long as possible. "

Cooter juice? That's new.

"The winner will get a trophy." He holds up a cheap looking silver trophy that literally looks like a pissing pussy... damn if he made that with Alchemy that's actually pretty detailed. "And the losers will get... shamed."

Sorcha and I are taking that shitty trophy to our room Eris! You can't stop us! Ehhehe... ahh fuck fuck... even laughing on the inside is causing my bladder to scream at me. It doesn't take long for them all to sit back down in their front row audience seats... and whip out their dicks. Well, Axel and Toshia do, Jason just sits there with his half chub looking around awkwardly. Come on man, we've all seen your tiny billy willy before.

Watching the two buff men slowly stroking themselves to my painfully arousing agony is uhh, quite hot not gonna lie. Sorcha is moaning softly beside me and I can tell that Eris, on the opposite side of the stage, is quite horny and uncomfortable as well. Dammit I wanna touch myself too! Ahh shi- it hurts... I can feel my vagina getting wetter by the second as I start to leak girlcum.

"Oh fuck..." I can't help but let out a lewd moan.

"Mmm." Sorcha groans, as her cunt starts to ooze love juice into the inner folds of her blue panties. "You're so damn sexy right now..."

"So are you." I reply warmly, my eyes looking down at her thick, full breasts, her stiff yellow nipples pointing straight up at the ceiling.

"Tch." Eris scoffs, her hips move a little bit. "As if you can even call this sexy..."

"Oh shut up bitch." I growl at her.

"What was that?" Eris shouts in a mocking tone.

"You... ahh heard me." I groan. "Just hold in your piss for Jason and I'm sure he'll fuck you silly as a reward afterwards."

Eris simply dismisses my comment and all three of us just continue the holding contest for awhile. I'm starting to get really sweaty and my legs are shaking more often than not. Gah, my arousal is sky high right now and looking at Axel and Toshia slowly wank themselves off isn't helping. The pain in my groin is also getting much worse, it's not unbearable by any means but it is really uncomfortable. I need to concentrate or I'm gonna piss hard, my bladder is begging for relief by this point.

Sorcha and I have done this "bladder torture" kind of hold before but that was by ourselves... I don't think either of us have held for so long before. My anus feels so tight, like to the point where even the slightest fart would cause my urethra to leak right now.

I feel like my bladder is a balloon being held under a pressurized hose, giving me a fresh understanding of what a bathroom accident feels like in the obnoxiously embarrassing time leading up to the main event. As the pain in my crotch grows over the next few minutes, I begin to squirm around even more and let out a few whimpers... fuck I really wanna pee. But Sorcha and Eris are holding on and look just as erotically miserable as me. Man they're both so hot but I say that all of the time. I just wanna jam my cunt into Sorcha's panty covered pussy and just unleash the tsunami I'm holding back right now. This is both the best and the worst feeling ever. Oh fuck I want to cum.... but piss... ahh the piss is going to burst out of me. I'm gonna get my pussy all wet and sticky... shit.

The more I twitch and move, the more I feel my vagina throb with desire. My clitoris is aching to an alarming degree but I can't touch it. All the anthro men in front of us are masturbating harder now... their cocks are all engorged by this point. They clearly wanna cum too but they're holding themselves back for when we unleash our golden juice. God this is so fucking hot... but it's also horrible... ugh... this feels too good and so bad.

The only thing I can really do to take the edge off is move my bound legs and cunt back and forth, even if only a little bit. I can hear a squishing sound from where my panties are soaked with my girlcum. I feel a trickle of liquid dribble from my urethra, sliding down my buttcheeks and around my anus as it's absorbed into my purple panties.

Fuck fuck fuck I leaked... ahh god it hurts~~~ ugh... fuck...

I hear Sorcha's breathing become rather ragged, I guess mine is too. God she's so sexy... I just wanna finger fuck her badly and have her piss through my digits. Fuck... no no no no I can't think like that right now. Fuck fuck fuck ugh! I try to clear my mind but all that I can do is focus on not peeing.... fff my mind is blank right now. Is this what true enlightenment feels like? Probably not, I'm no monk.

I can feel more warm liquid escaping from my piss hole, the more I shift my crotch around, the more of it leaks out. I can't help it, I have to pee... I can no longer hold it. I cry out lewdly as my inflated bladder snaps and an absolutely insane stream of urine shoots out of me like a cannon. The mere thought that I lost doesn't even enter my head as my legs shake uncontrollably as I feel an amazing amount of relief.

Ugh, I feel like I could cum at anytime.

"Oh dear... ahhh ahhh... Mommy's girl sprung a leak." Sorcha winks at me. How she's still holding is beyond me... but good for her.

I just enjoy the moment. I don't even really notice the fact that Eris is now pissing as well so I guess Sorcha has won. For some reason, Eris panties are now off of her and Jason is pushing her bunched up undies into her urinating snatch over and over again, drenching them in pee. That's actually really arousing I'm not gonna lie. In fact I'm paying so much attention to them and my furiously weeing pussy that I don't notice that Sorcha has been free for abit. She stands in front of me and I begin to pee on her tummy.... ffff fuck... she's so pretty.

"I hope you don't mind... ah.... ugh... but I really have to go... and there's no place to go right now... except for here." Sorcha grins mischievously.

Sorcha barely manages to hold onto her bladder as she puts her shielded cunt over mine... and begins to dry hump my pissing pussy as she screams as she starts to urinate loudly. I guess it's not a dry hump it's a wet hump but you know.

Ahh ahh fuck... her pee is so damn warm... or maybe it's mine who knows. This is seriously the best way to have sex.

By the way, Axel's cock is in Sorcha's face and she's lewdly slurping on it. Toshia offers me his manmeat and I take it into my mouth eagerly. I've stopped paying attention to Jason and Eris right now but I'm sure they're still having fun.

God I love this... the taste of dick, feeling of pissing and getting my slit absolutely drenched by my girlfriend's sweet urine. Is there anything better in life? No. No I don't think so.

Sorcha continues to ride me like she's bouncing on an invisible dildo as we keep jerking Toshia and Axel off with our mouths. The piss doesn't stop soaking into the fur around our privates, making us both sopping and sticky down there. My clitoris is screaming for attention, I need to cum right now... and I think I'm about to I can't hold out anymore.

"Murf!" I mumble, still wanking Toshia off as best I can with my tongue. "mmm... mm nonna cum!"

"Ungh!" He moans and shoots his thick, white gorrilla jizz down my throat. "Fuck... I couldn't hold it any longer... you ladies are too damn good at this."

I choke a little bit as my orgasm starts to rip though me and I swallow every drop of Toshia's baby batter. There's so much... it's so nasty but I'm feeling way too good to complain for more than a fraction of a second.

"Sorcha..." Axel moans as he pulls his cock from her lips. "I can't... ahhh... hold it... any longer!"

Sorcha and are going to get drenched in bear semen, there's no avoiding it. Pretty sure Sorcha cums as well because she shudders uncontrollably and tries to force her snatch into mine like she has a penis of some sort. Yes the non-existant dick swapped between us I'm well aware.

"A-Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!" Axel roars like a... well like a bear as he squirts his gooey sperm onto our bodies.

It's too much for Sorcha and me, we can't take it. Our pissing pussies spray their girlcum everywhere as we continue to climax, drenching the other anthros in our fluid. We can't seem to stop orgasming and the more we pee the more pleasure we're in... like a vicious erotic cycle. Suffice to say, today may have been just as good if not better than our doctor roleplay session a couple months ago.

I don't know how long we fuck for but it's awhile. We spend the day honoring Jesus Christ by just having a naughty sex day, because that makes perfect sense. You can't see me but I'm giving you all a thumbs up right now as I write this.

Soon... we shall have our next end of the month trial, The Test of Wisdom. Once again I have no idea what to expect. I shall just have to do my best as always, I guess. But for now... more love making... and cock sucking.

~~Wednesday December 31st, 2008~~

Welp. The last day of 2008 is here. What can I say about it? It doesn't feel any different than any other day, apart from it being a test day of course. Will it even matter once I'm off of Earth? Doesn't every planet have a unique amount of hours in a day and like days in the fucking year? Blech, sounds messy and a pain in the ass to keep track of time when you travel the galaxy. I guess in the future I'll know how old I am in "Earth Years" but when it all comes down to it, it's just a number. What're numbers anyway? Are those consistent throughout the universe? If not that's going to be another major headache that future me will have to deal with.

Sorry, I ranted abit too long there about nothing, let's move on.

Today, I'm just getting dressed in whatever the fuck is in my closet because it doesn't matter. It's gonna be torn off of me after the exam and after our monthly meal with Father anyway so there's not much of a point in caring about it. Man. This wave of anxiety that I've had for the past what... five weeks... is still here. I'm way too far up my own ass right now to think properly.

Girl, just wear some panties and a shirt and pants it's not hard I mean Jesus Christ, no need to overanalyze everything.

... Blasphemy? Yeah maybe. Once I'm done arguing with myself in my bedroom, I slept alone last night because I wanted a clear head for the test today, I make my way into a pod and well you know the rest of it. Although, instead of an arena today... we all meet in a waiting room of sorts. A bit odd but ok.

I'm like the third one here, Jason and Eris beat me, ouch. But it's cool I'll just uhh, be over here on the opposite side, no need to speak to them. The rest of us arrive in only like four to five minutes and once we're all here, we see a holographic screen light up and Father is on display, wearing one of his many flashy suit as per usual.

"Good morning." Father begins talking formally, I assume he can see us all right now through cameras. "Welcome to the fifth test of twelve, The Test of Wisdom. This exam is simple but you all must do it one at a time. I'm afraid I cannot tell you exactly what the trial is, you must enter the door one at a time."

This kind of reminds me of the introductory test we took before we even lived in the megastructure. That feels like a lifetime ago almost. During that initial exam we...

Power.

Dominate.

Control.

... well, you know.

"The order you enter will be randomized, unless one of you volunteers to go first." Father states plainly.

Two of us raise our hands, of course they did.

"Since Jason raised his hand .14 seconds quicker than Eris, he'll go first, Eris will go second. The rest of the order will be determined by lot."

Yeah I get to go fifth, yay. Doesn't matter anyway, I'll probably be waiting here awhile.

...

That's what I thought anyway but within like six minutes, all four Reapers in front of me finished their tests and it was now my turn to enter the mystery door. Really? Ok... quick one then I guess. Through the door is a rather short and dim hallway of blackened metal. When I get to the testing area I'm quite surprised by what I find.

The room is nothing more than a simple large cube, kind of, with an entrance where I am and one on the opposite side. They're connected by an darkened arched bridge with no railings... and a pitch black pit that just lies ominously below. I can't even see the bottom despite being able to make out the rest of the black room so that's kinda scary.

"Welcome Vaine." I hear Father's voice through some kind of intercom. "The test is simple, it'll be over once you cross the bridge and enter the door on the other side."

Seriously? That's all? What the fuck kinda test is this?

Just when I'm all mentally confused and I take my first step-

~~

I'm on an airplane, more accurately a passenger on said plane. Huh? Wasn't I just- where was I? Was I dreaming?

"What's wrong honey?" I jolt my head up and I see my mother sitting next to me, My real father is asleep in the window seat next to her. "Did you have a bad dream?"

"No I-" I try to speak properly but my voice comes out all strange and squeaky. "I'm fine."

It's only then when I look down and see my body. I'm a child. I can't be any older than like I dunno, seven or eight.

... Is this the trip we took to New York City when I was a little kid? Did we even go there? Wha- What am I doing back here? What was I doing... before? Gah, my head is all cloudy I hate this. I just want to leave the plane but I don't even have the strength to undo my safety belt.

"We'll be landing soon honey." Mom says quietly as she holds my hand.

"Ok." I say meekly and look down.

This isn't real this isn't real this isn't real... what the FUCK is going on?

"Daddy and I both love you sweetie."

~~

I'm snapped back to reality, back on the bridge. I'm breathing heavily and my legs are shaking. Right, the test, ugh, I cannot fall down the chasm, I'm sure that'd be a pain.

'It'll be over once you cross the bridge and enter the door on the other side.' Father's words echo through my mind.

I sigh deeply and concentrate. Guess this is going to be a strange battle of the mind or some shit. Alright, let's go.

I manage to take two more steps, before-

~~

"Oh god you're so damn tight Vaine..." A blue haired hedgehog grunts as he thrusts his cock into my pussy over and over again.

Feels so good... the way he tightly grabs my ass to hold me in place... his thick member filling me up. Ahh I love fucking in the bathroom stalls at school... so filthy... ahh ahh...

I'm riding his dick like there's no tomorrow, my ass thumps up and down on his thin legs as I force my hips up and down on his privates over and over again. Ahhh this is just the best.

...

Wait... who is this? Ahhh ahh fuck... Do I know this anthro? It feels great but uhh... something's wrong...

As my cunt blazes its heat throughout my body I try to concentrate. I never had sex in school... I was a virgin until... until-

~~

Fuck. I come back to the bridge once again, horny and sexually flustered. I think I get it now. This test is about false memories or something right? The quicker I realize that they're not real the more I will breeze through this thing.

I manage to take five more steps, maybe because I solved the riddle, so to speak, sooner.

~~

The warm summer sun glazes itself along my black furred coat and I let out a sigh. Relaxing on the beach is so nice. I open my eyes and see my entire Senior Biology class taking photos of my nude body with their flip phones and smile. This... this is the kind of attention I deserve. These pricks and bitches should be worshipping me like this all the time...

Look at me, look at me more.

My pussy dampens from all the eyes that are glued onto it. I wanna piss in front of these peasants so badly...

... but I stop myself. We never took a class field trip to a nudist beach are you mad? Next please.

~~

Three more steps... halfway across... something.

"God what a fucking loser." I hear a girl in my class whisper behind me.

"I know right? All that drab black make-up, who the fuck goes around looking like a depressed clown all day?" Another girl laughs, she doesn't even bother to lower her voice.

"She just wants attention... and boys never give it to her anyway."

Shut up...

"What a worn down whore she is, I bet she's the easiest fuck in the whole school."

"Oh totally."

SHUT UP SHUT UP! I get it ok?! No one respected me in high school, nobody! I should have just been the slut everyone thought I was... at least I'd have had more fun that way.

~~

Black. Everything is... just the empty void of space. There's nothing around me, except the faint twinkle of distant stars. I can't breathe, can't move... can't hear.

Help me.... please. Someone? Anyone? Hello? Do I even have thoughts anymore? What even am I now? Where am- what-

...

Oh. This is death. I'm dead. This is what awaits all mortals for an eternity... or me if I fuck up and get killed.

This blows. But it's not real... not yet. I'm alive. Get me the fuck outta here.

~~

Warm. Ahh warmth. I'm hugging someone from their back, really tightly. She smells great... her fur is the color of the sun. Sorcha. Sorcha and I are snuggling on some sort of bed... and we're inside a boat's cabin I think since I can feel the calm push and pull of the ocean. That, along with the steady beating of her heart is all I need to hear.

I'm so happy. My nipples, slit and anus feel amazing... I could stay here all day. Fuck everything else just give me an eternity with... with...

I see how it is brain. You're telling me that this won't last forever so I should enjoy it while I can? You're probably right. Still I'd love to rule some planet together with Sorcha, keeping the citizens in line for Father's purposes... but I know that's not going to happen. Some day, when Reapers are the strongest beings in the universe, it'll only take one of us to have control over a single world.

Sorcha... I love you. I'm sorry if I don't tell you that enough.

~~

Before I know it, I'm already on the other side of the massive gap. I did it, I crossed the bridge of nightmares and pipe dreams.

"Twenty two seconds." Father's voice echoes through the cube. "Great job, wait in the room with the others Vaine."

It doesn't take long for me to enter the room with everyone else, minus two. Sorcha is here thankfully so I sit beside her and give her a big hug. She clearly had the same mentally fucked dream as me because she doesn't resist me at all. About three minutes later, Paisou and Axel enter the room and we're all done. Once we all sit down, Father steps through the other doorway.

"Good work everyone." Father speaks warmly. "Today you have all taken the first step to overcoming your worst fears and seen glimpses of your strongest desires. I don't want to discourage you from following your dreams, far from it. Please be assured that they can become reality one day. And as for your fears well, you all know what you must continue to do with those."

Yeah. Suppress them. Duh.

"With that..." Father concludes. "... here are this month's scores. I shall meet you all in the dining hall for lunch in thirty minutes."

Yay the monthly scoreboard.

... Can you tell how much of a sarcastic bitch I'm being right now? Yeah? Good.

Reaper Rank (Test of Wisdom)

Toshia Kamagst - 7 Points

Sorcha Hansal - 6 Points

Vaine Steele - 5 Points

Eris Bellington - 4 Points

Paisou Kayo - 3 Points

Axel Cress - 2 Points

Jason Hawkright - 1 Point

I should be excited right? Well maybe. But the results were basically what I expected and they kind of make sense. Axel didn't do well at all with the two mental tests, oof. But Toshia, Sorcha and I excelled at them so good for us I guess.

Reaper Rank (December 2008)

Toshia Kamagst - 25 Points

Sorcha Hansal - 24 Points

Vaine Steele - 20 Points

Paisou Kayo - 19 Points

Axel Cress - 18 Points

Jason Hawkright - 17 Points

Eris Bellington - 17 Points

To be honest with only a nine point difference between first and cunt-ass last it's a tight race. Not that it's a competition anyway, right Father?

I don't have much else to talk about really. We eat with everyone, Sorcha and I spend the rest of the day alone in the nude just enjoying each other, the usual. And yeah Paisou still doesn't want to talk to me, I'm not sure what his deal is anymore. I'm sure I'll find out soon, hopefully.

Life is... ok right now. I can't complain much since I'm not Eris but I'll bitch like her anyway. Happy New Year mothersuckers.

*065*2023-08-19 08:18

Heya all, Vaine here. I hope you like the newest chapter. Last one was focused a lot on the cocks and double penetration and male domination so I figured this chapter would be the opposite and focus on the vaginal side of humanity. It made sense at the time alright? lol.

I know I'm a hypocrite I said I'd cut down on the sexy scenes and I put three into this chapter xD. But oh well, they came to my head throughout the weeks that I worked on this and I think they turned out ok. As for Eris' backstory yeah, oof. I wanted to sort of explain why she's so envious of Vaine because there really was not much of a reason for it beforehand. Hopefully this segment of the chapter isn't too dark for anyone to handle but I guess we shall see. I think readers who'd have been really bothered by the dark shit probably stopped reading awhile ago anyway.

Regardless I hope you enjoy. Feel free to leave any and all comments of positivity or constructive negativity and know that I appreciate all of you who enjoy this tale.

~Much Love, Vaine Steele

*067*2023-08-20 12:46

{{6 hours ago, orangelion said:

I very much enjoyed it. I hope things get worked out with Paisou. Also congrats on getting to the top half of the leaderboard

}}

I didn't know there was a leaderboard but thanks lol. I'm glad you liked the chapter. I was going to write a Vaine/Paisou scene at the end of chapter 13 where they both talked extensively but I decided to leave it for the next chapter. Maybe if I had less sex scenes I'd have included it lol.

*069*2023-08-20 17:30

{{11 minutes ago, orangelion said:

Talking about the reaper rank.

}}

Oh lol ok. xD

